<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
	<meta charset="utf-8"/>
	<title>Introduction</title>
	<meta name="description" content=""/>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod/skins_20221215125633UTC-prod/vcs/css/vcs.css"/>
</head>
<body>
<div epub:type="pagebreak" id="pagebreak_45" class="hidden-pagebreak" title="45" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" />
<script type="text/JavaScript" src="../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod/vcsengines_20221215125633UTC-prod.js"></script>
<div  xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" id="0cd2ee8c-e936-49fa-95ac-427f0d6c3fc6" class="screen rendered">
		<div class="screengrid">
			<header class="screen__margin screen__header u-hide-element vstdonthighlight">
				
					<div class="screen__heading u-float--clearfix">
						<div class="screen__icon u-float--left"></div>
						<h2 class="screen__title" tabindex="-1"></h2>
					</div>
				

				<div class="screen__instructions"></div>
			</header>
		</div>
		
			<div class="screen__content">
				
			<div class="block rendered">
		<div id="9e04846e-d0b7-46d5-8023-12611b2f9adf" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			
			<h3 class="heading heading--subheadinga"><span style="color:#684182;"><strong>INTRODUCTION</strong></span><br /></h3>
		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div><div class="block rendered">
		<div id="42e1cd94-9d74-4e88-b3cb-35f22134bc95" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			<div class="static__text--indent">
				<p>The digestive system is divided between Chapters 5 and 6. Chapter 5 covers the anatomy, physiology, pathology, and basic terminology of the system. Chapter 6 introduces additional terminology and a review of digestive system terms, plus laboratory tests, clinical procedures, and abbreviations. My reason for not combining the chapters is that I did not want to overwhelm you with an extraordinarily long chapter so early in your study. In my own teaching, I find that my students are grateful for this separation, and especially for the breather and review of terminology in Chapter 6.</p><p>My choice to begin with the digestive system is based on a perception that this body system (resembling a long conveyor belt with the mouth at the entrance and anus at the exit) is one of the more straightforward and easiest to understand. Keep in mind, however, that the book is organized so that you may begin study of the body systems with any chapter to create the order that best reflects your interests.</p><p>The digestive or <strong>gastrointestinal tract</strong> begins with the mouth, where food enters, and ends with the anus, where solid waste material leaves the body. The four functions of the system are <strong>ingestion</strong>, <strong>digestion</strong>, <strong>absorption</strong>, and <strong>elimination</strong>.</p><p>First, complex food material taken into the mouth is <strong>ingested</strong>. Second, it is <strong>digested</strong>, or broken down, mechanically and chemically as it travels through the gastrointestinal tract. Digestive <strong>enzymes</strong> speed up chemical reactions and aid the breakdown (digestion) of complex nutrients. Complex proteins are digested to simpler <strong>amino acids</strong>; complicated sugars are reduced to simple sugars, such as <strong>glucose</strong>; and large fat molecules (<strong>triglycerides</strong>) are broken down to simpler substances such as <strong>fatty acids</strong>. Digestion occurs in the mouth, stomach, and small intestine.</p><p>Third, through <strong>absorption</strong>, nutrients from digested food pass through the lining cells or epithelium of the small intestine and into the bloodstream. Nutrients then travel to all cells of the body. Cells then break down nutrients in the presence of oxygen to release energy. Cells also use amino acid nutrients to build up large protein molecules needed for growth and development. In addition, fat molecules are absorbed into lymphatic vessels from the intestine.</p><p>The fourth function of the digestive system is <strong>elimination</strong> of the solid waste materials that cannot be absorbed into the bloodstream. The large intestine concentrates these solid wastes, called <strong>feces</strong>, and the wastes finally pass out of the body through the anus.</p>
			</div>

		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div></div>
		
		<div class="screengrid">
			<footer class="screen__margin screen__footer u-hide-element vstdonthighlight">
				<div class="feedback">
					<div class="feedback__content js-feedback-focus" tabindex="-1"></div>
				</div>
				<div class="control-btns"></div>
			</footer>
		</div>
	</div><div  class="overlay-root vstdonthighlight rendered blocking" style="overflow-y: auto;">
		<div class="modal-cover-holder">
			<div class="modal-cover-outer"><div class="modal-cover modal-cover--transparent-medium"></div></div>
		</div>
	<div class="loading-spinner rendered" tabindex="-1">
		<!-- Set opacity to 0 inline to prevent screen flash -->
		<div class="spinner-message visuallyhidden" style="opacity: 0">Loading</div>
		<div class="spinner"></div>
	</div></div>
<script type="application/javascript">
	!function(e){var n={eid:"SCREEN",did:"0cd2ee8c-e936-49fa-95ac-427f0d6c3fc6",type:"epub",screenType:"Screen",engineApi:{getEnginesBaseUrl:function(){return "../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod";},getMediaBaseUrl:function(){return "../media";},getSkinsBaseUrl:function(){return "../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod/skins_20221215125633UTC-prod/vcs";},getActivityData:function(){return "&lt;blocks&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;9e04846e-d0b7-46d5-8023-12611b2f9adf\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_heading&gt;\n  &lt;headingLevel value=\&quot;subheadinga\&quot;/&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style=\&quot;color:#684182;\&quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;INTRODUCTION&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_heading&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;42e1cd94-9d74-4e88-b3cb-35f22134bc95\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;The digestive system is divided between Chapters 5 and 6. Chapter 5 covers the anatomy, physiology, pathology, and basic terminology of the system. Chapter 6 introduces additional terminology and a review of digestive system terms, plus laboratory tests, clinical procedures, and abbreviations. My reason for not combining the chapters is that I did not want to overwhelm you with an extraordinarily long chapter so early in your study. In my own teaching, I find that my students are grateful for this separation, and especially for the breather and review of terminology in Chapter 6.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;My choice to begin with the digestive system is based on a perception that this body system (resembling a long conveyor belt with the mouth at the entrance and anus at the exit) is one of the more straightforward and easiest to understand. Keep in mind, however, that the book is organized so that you may begin study of the body systems with any chapter to create the order that best reflects your interests.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;The digestive or &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;gastrointestinal tract&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; begins with the mouth, where food enters, and ends with the anus, where solid waste material leaves the body. The four functions of the system are &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;ingestion&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;, &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;digestion&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;, &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;absorption&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;, and &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;elimination&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;First, complex food material taken into the mouth is &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;ingested&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;. Second, it is &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;digested&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;, or broken down, mechanically and chemically as it travels through the gastrointestinal tract. Digestive &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;enzymes&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; speed up chemical reactions and aid the breakdown (digestion) of complex nutrients. Complex proteins are digested to simpler &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;amino acids&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;; complicated sugars are reduced to simple sugars, such as &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;glucose&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;; and large fat molecules (&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;triglycerides&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;) are broken down to simpler substances such as &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;fatty acids&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;. Digestion occurs in the mouth, stomach, and small intestine.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;Third, through &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;absorption&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;, nutrients from digested food pass through the lining cells or epithelium of the small intestine and into the bloodstream. Nutrients then travel to all cells of the body. Cells then break down nutrients in the presence of oxygen to release energy. Cells also use amino acid nutrients to build up large protein molecules needed for growth and development. In addition, fat molecules are absorbed into lymphatic vessels from the intestine.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;The fourth function of the digestive system is &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;elimination&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; of the solid waste materials that cannot be absorbed into the bloodstream. The large intestine concentrates these solid wastes, called &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;feces&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;, and the wastes finally pass out of the body through the anus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n&lt;/blocks&gt;";}}};e.context=n}(window);
</script>

</body>
</html>
