<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
	<meta charset="utf-8"/>
	<title>Introduction</title>
	<meta name="description" content=""/>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod/skins_20221215125633UTC-prod/vcs/css/vcs.css"/>
</head>
<body>
<div epub:type="pagebreak" id="pagebreak_278" class="hidden-pagebreak" title="278" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" />
<script type="text/JavaScript" src="../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod/vcsengines_20221215125633UTC-prod.js"></script>
<div  xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" id="c2241c99-6e84-42c6-9b13-37e3c0cb4751" class="screen rendered">
		<div class="screengrid">
			<header class="screen__margin screen__header u-hide-element vstdonthighlight">
				
					<div class="screen__heading u-float--clearfix">
						<div class="screen__icon u-float--left"></div>
						<h2 class="screen__title" tabindex="-1"></h2>
					</div>
				

				<div class="screen__instructions"></div>
			</header>
		</div>
		
			<div class="screen__content">
				
			<div class="block rendered">
		<div id="afa97549-6cfe-40b7-a807-3b49484024cf" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			
			<h3 class="heading heading--subheadinga"><span style="color:#684182;"><strong>INTRODUCTION</strong></span><br /></h3>
		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div><div class="block rendered">
		<div id="a04bead9-7e3e-484f-a444-3cfa26f3766d" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			<div class="static__text--indent">
				<p><strong>Radiology </strong>is the medical specialty concerned with the study and application of x-rays and other technologies (such as ultrasound and magnetic resonance) to produce and interpret images of the human body for the diagnosis of disease.<strong> X-rays</strong> are invisible waves of energy that are produced by an energy source (such as an x-ray machine or cathode ray tube) and are useful in the diagnosis and treatment of disease.</p><p><strong>Nuclear medicine</strong> is the medical specialty that uses <strong>radioactive substances </strong>in the diagnosis and treatment of disease. These radioactive substances<strong> (radionuclides)</strong> are materials that emit high-speed particles and energy-containing rays from the interior of their matter. The emitted particles and rays are called <strong>radioactivity </strong>and can be of three types: <strong>alpha particles, beta particles,</strong> and <strong>gamma rays. Gamma rays</strong> are used effectively as a diagnostic label to trace the path and uptake of chemical substances in the body.</p><p>The professionals involved in these medical fields differ in practice and level of education or training. A <strong>radiologist </strong>is a physician who specializes in the practice of diagnostic radiology. A<strong> nuclear medicine physician</strong> specializes in diagnostic radionuclide scanning procedures.</p><p>Allied health care professionals who work with physicians in the fields of radiology and nuclear medicine are radiologic technologists. Different types of <strong>radiologic technologists</strong> are <strong>radiographers,</strong> who aid physicians in administering diagnostic x-ray procedures; <strong>nuclear medicine technologists</strong>, who attend to patients undergoing nuclear medicine procedures and operate devices under the direction of a nuclear physician; and <strong>sonographers</strong>, who aid physicians in performing ultrasound procedures.</p>
			</div>

		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div></div>
		
		<div class="screengrid">
			<footer class="screen__margin screen__footer u-hide-element vstdonthighlight">
				<div class="feedback">
					<div class="feedback__content js-feedback-focus" tabindex="-1"></div>
				</div>
				<div class="control-btns"></div>
			</footer>
		</div>
	</div><div  class="overlay-root vstdonthighlight rendered blocking" style="overflow-y: auto;">
		<div class="modal-cover-holder">
			<div class="modal-cover-outer"><div class="modal-cover modal-cover--transparent-medium"></div></div>
		</div>
	<div class="loading-spinner rendered" tabindex="-1">
		<!-- Set opacity to 0 inline to prevent screen flash -->
		<div class="spinner-message visuallyhidden" style="opacity: 0">Loading</div>
		<div class="spinner"></div>
	</div></div>
<script type="application/javascript">
	!function(e){var n={eid:"SCREEN",did:"c2241c99-6e84-42c6-9b13-37e3c0cb4751",type:"epub",screenType:"Screen",engineApi:{getEnginesBaseUrl:function(){return "../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod";},getMediaBaseUrl:function(){return "../media";},getSkinsBaseUrl:function(){return "../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod/skins_20221215125633UTC-prod/vcs";},getActivityData:function(){return "&lt;blocks&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;afa97549-6cfe-40b7-a807-3b49484024cf\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_heading&gt;\n  &lt;headingLevel value=\&quot;subheadinga\&quot;/&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style=\&quot;color:#684182;\&quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;INTRODUCTION&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_heading&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;a04bead9-7e3e-484f-a444-3cfa26f3766d\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Radiology &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;is the medical specialty concerned with the study and application of x-rays and other technologies (such as ultrasound and magnetic resonance) to produce and interpret images of the human body for the diagnosis of disease.&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt; X-rays&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; are invisible waves of energy that are produced by an energy source (such as an x-ray machine or cathode ray tube) and are useful in the diagnosis and treatment of disease.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Nuclear medicine&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; is the medical specialty that uses &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;radioactive substances &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;in the diagnosis and treatment of disease. These radioactive substances&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt; (radionuclides)&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; are materials that emit high-speed particles and energy-containing rays from the interior of their matter. The emitted particles and rays are called &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;radioactivity &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;and can be of three types: &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;alpha particles, beta particles,&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; and &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;gamma rays. Gamma rays&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; are used effectively as a diagnostic label to trace the path and uptake of chemical substances in the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;The professionals involved in these medical fields differ in practice and level of education or training. A &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;radiologist &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;is a physician who specializes in the practice of diagnostic radiology. A&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt; nuclear medicine physician&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; specializes in diagnostic radionuclide scanning procedures.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;Allied health care professionals who work with physicians in the fields of radiology and nuclear medicine are radiologic technologists. Different types of &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;radiologic technologists&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; are &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;radiographers,&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; who aid physicians in administering diagnostic x-ray procedures; &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;nuclear medicine technologists&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;, who attend to patients undergoing nuclear medicine procedures and operate devices under the direction of a nuclear physician; and &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;sonographers&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;, who aid physicians in performing ultrasound procedures.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n&lt;/blocks&gt;";}}};e.context=n}(window);
</script>

</body>
</html>
