<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
	<meta charset="utf-8"/>
	<title>Introduction</title>
	<meta name="description" content=""/>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod/skins_20221215125633UTC-prod/vcs/css/vcs.css"/>
</head>
<body>
<div epub:type="pagebreak" id="pagebreak_260" class="hidden-pagebreak" title="260" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" />
<script type="text/JavaScript" src="../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod/vcsengines_20221215125633UTC-prod.js"></script>
<div  xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" id="d7575313-d304-46e3-8425-63135fac85b3" class="screen rendered">
		<div class="screengrid">
			<header class="screen__margin screen__header u-hide-element vstdonthighlight">
				
					<div class="screen__heading u-float--clearfix">
						<div class="screen__icon u-float--left"></div>
						<h2 class="screen__title" tabindex="-1"></h2>
					</div>
				

				<div class="screen__instructions"></div>
			</header>
		</div>
		
			<div class="screen__content">
				
			<div class="block rendered">
		<div id="a25210e4-4ae1-40e4-a811-19ae1e9e3c58" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			
			<h3 class="heading heading--subheadinga"><span style="color:#684182;"><strong>INTRODUCTION</strong></span><br /></h3>
		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div><div class="block rendered">
		<div id="fa4ad81a-4c2a-47e8-92db-0c20f59f0676" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			<div class="static__text--indent">
				<p>Cancer is a disease caused by abnormal and excessive growth of cells in the body. It may arise in any tissue and appear at any time of life, although cancer occurs most frequently in older people. Cancer cells accumulate as growths called malignant tumors that compress, invade, and ultimately destroy the surrounding normal tissue. In addition to their local growth, cancerous cells spread throughout the body by way of the bloodstream or lymphatic vessels. In some patients, the spread of cancers from their site of origin to distant organs occurs early in the course of tumor growth and ultimately results in death.</p><p>Although more than one half of all patients who develop cancer are cured of their disease, about 550,000 people die of cancer each year. Lung cancers, followed by breast and colorectal cancers, are the most common causes of cancer death for women, whereas lung, colorectal, and prostate cancers are the leading causes of death due to cancer in men. This chapter explores the terminology related to this common and often fatal group of diseases.</p>
			</div>

		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div></div>
		
		<div class="screengrid">
			<footer class="screen__margin screen__footer u-hide-element vstdonthighlight">
				<div class="feedback">
					<div class="feedback__content js-feedback-focus" tabindex="-1"></div>
				</div>
				<div class="control-btns"></div>
			</footer>
		</div>
	</div><div  class="overlay-root vstdonthighlight rendered blocking" style="overflow-y: auto;">
		<div class="modal-cover-holder">
			<div class="modal-cover-outer"><div class="modal-cover modal-cover--transparent-medium"></div></div>
		</div>
	<div class="loading-spinner rendered" tabindex="-1">
		<!-- Set opacity to 0 inline to prevent screen flash -->
		<div class="spinner-message visuallyhidden" style="opacity: 0">Loading</div>
		<div class="spinner"></div>
	</div></div>
<script type="application/javascript">
	!function(e){var n={eid:"SCREEN",did:"d7575313-d304-46e3-8425-63135fac85b3",type:"epub",screenType:"Screen",engineApi:{getEnginesBaseUrl:function(){return "../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod";},getMediaBaseUrl:function(){return "../media";},getSkinsBaseUrl:function(){return "../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod/skins_20221215125633UTC-prod/vcs";},getActivityData:function(){return "&lt;blocks&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;a25210e4-4ae1-40e4-a811-19ae1e9e3c58\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_heading&gt;\n  &lt;headingLevel value=\&quot;subheadinga\&quot;/&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style=\&quot;color:#684182;\&quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;INTRODUCTION&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_heading&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;fa4ad81a-4c2a-47e8-92db-0c20f59f0676\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;Cancer is a disease caused by abnormal and excessive growth of cells in the body. It may arise in any tissue and appear at any time of life, although cancer occurs most frequently in older people. Cancer cells accumulate as growths called malignant tumors that compress, invade, and ultimately destroy the surrounding normal tissue. In addition to their local growth, cancerous cells spread throughout the body by way of the bloodstream or lymphatic vessels. In some patients, the spread of cancers from their site of origin to distant organs occurs early in the course of tumor growth and ultimately results in death.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;Although more than one half of all patients who develop cancer are cured of their disease, about 550,000 people die of cancer each year. Lung cancers, followed by breast and colorectal cancers, are the most common causes of cancer death for women, whereas lung, colorectal, and prostate cancers are the leading causes of death due to cancer in men. This chapter explores the terminology related to this common and often fatal group of diseases.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n&lt;/blocks&gt;";}}};e.context=n}(window);
</script>

</body>
</html>
