<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
	<meta charset="utf-8"/>
	<title>Introduction</title>
	<meta name="description" content=""/>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod/skins_20221215125633UTC-prod/vcs/css/vcs.css"/>
</head>
<body>
<div epub:type="pagebreak" id="pagebreak_123" class="hidden-pagebreak" title="123" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" />
<script type="text/JavaScript" src="../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod/vcsengines_20221215125633UTC-prod.js"></script>
<div  xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" id="31b9cd17-2577-4e91-a374-e9eec66e72d2" class="screen rendered">
		<div class="screengrid">
			<header class="screen__margin screen__header u-hide-element vstdonthighlight">
				
					<div class="screen__heading u-float--clearfix">
						<div class="screen__icon u-float--left"></div>
						<h2 class="screen__title" tabindex="-1"></h2>
					</div>
				

				<div class="screen__instructions"></div>
			</header>
		</div>
		
			<div class="screen__content">
				
			<div class="block rendered">
		<div id="e3a8f8f7-bf17-4631-bb6f-67d4c4c78562" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			
			<h3 class="heading heading--subheadinga"><span style="color:#684182;"><strong>INTRODUCTION</strong></span><br /></h3>
		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div><div class="block rendered">
		<div id="46fcd415-10d9-4183-a86d-88b34bdf57cb" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			<div class="static__text--indent">
				<p>Body cells are dependent on a constant supply of nutrients and oxygen. When the supplies are delivered and then chemically combined, they release the energy necessary to do the work of each cell. How does the body ensure that oxygen and food will be delivered to all of its cells? The cardiovascular system, consisting of the heart (a powerful muscular pump) and blood vessels (fuel line and transportation network), performs this important work. This chapter explores terminology related to the heart and blood vessels.</p>
			</div>

		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div></div>
		
		<div class="screengrid">
			<footer class="screen__margin screen__footer u-hide-element vstdonthighlight">
				<div class="feedback">
					<div class="feedback__content js-feedback-focus" tabindex="-1"></div>
				</div>
				<div class="control-btns"></div>
			</footer>
		</div>
	</div><div  class="overlay-root vstdonthighlight rendered blocking" style="overflow-y: auto;">
		<div class="modal-cover-holder">
			<div class="modal-cover-outer"><div class="modal-cover modal-cover--transparent-medium"></div></div>
		</div>
	<div class="loading-spinner rendered" tabindex="-1">
		<!-- Set opacity to 0 inline to prevent screen flash -->
		<div class="spinner-message visuallyhidden" style="opacity: 0">Loading</div>
		<div class="spinner"></div>
	</div></div>
<script type="application/javascript">
	!function(e){var n={eid:"SCREEN",did:"31b9cd17-2577-4e91-a374-e9eec66e72d2",type:"epub",screenType:"Screen",engineApi:{getEnginesBaseUrl:function(){return "../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod";},getMediaBaseUrl:function(){return "../media";},getSkinsBaseUrl:function(){return "../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod/skins_20221215125633UTC-prod/vcs";},getActivityData:function(){return "&lt;blocks&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;e3a8f8f7-bf17-4631-bb6f-67d4c4c78562\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_heading&gt;\n  &lt;headingLevel value=\&quot;subheadinga\&quot;/&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style=\&quot;color:#684182;\&quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;INTRODUCTION&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_heading&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;46fcd415-10d9-4183-a86d-88b34bdf57cb\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;Body cells are dependent on a constant supply of nutrients and oxygen. When the supplies are delivered and then chemically combined, they release the energy necessary to do the work of each cell. How does the body ensure that oxygen and food will be delivered to all of its cells? The cardiovascular system, consisting of the heart (a powerful muscular pump) and blood vessels (fuel line and transportation network), performs this important work. This chapter explores terminology related to the heart and blood vessels.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n&lt;/blocks&gt;";}}};e.context=n}(window);
</script>

</body>
</html>
