<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
	<meta charset="utf-8"/>
	<title>Laboratory Tests</title>
	<meta name="description" content=""/>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod/skins_20221215125633UTC-prod/vcs/css/vcs.css"/>
</head>
<body>
<div epub:type="pagebreak" id="pagebreak_249" class="hidden-pagebreak" title="249" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" />
<script type="text/JavaScript" src="../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod/vcsengines_20221215125633UTC-prod.js"></script>
<div  xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" id="78f3eab5-ff9b-47f5-9e70-296b54465224" class="screen rendered">
		<div class="screengrid">
			<header class="screen__margin screen__header u-hide-element vstdonthighlight">
				
					<div class="screen__heading u-float--clearfix">
						<div class="screen__icon u-float--left"></div>
						<h2 class="screen__title" tabindex="-1"></h2>
					</div>
				

				<div class="screen__instructions"></div>
			</header>
		</div>
		
			<div class="screen__content">
				
			<div class="block rendered">
		<div id="bd54a838-fe05-497e-8c53-f5d728829ece" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			
			<h3 class="heading heading--subheadinga"><span style="color:#684182;"><strong>LABORATORY TESTS</strong></span><br /></h3>
		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div><div class="block rendered">
		<div id="85364c3f-3099-475d-9a00-35347fa7cc5e" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin vst-draggable">
			<div class="c-x-scroll vst-draggable">
					<div class="js-x-scroll c-x-scroll__scrollbox" style=""><table class="c-table js-x-scroll-component" style="width: 100%;" data-orig-width="100%"><thead></thead><tbody><tr><td><p><strong>fasting plasma glucose (FPG)</strong></p></td><td><p><strong>Fasting blood sugar test</strong></p><p>Measures circulating glucose level in a patient who has fasted at least 8 hours. This test can diagnose <strong>diabetes </strong>and <strong>prediabetes </strong>(blood glucose is higher than normal but not high enough for diagnosis of diabetes). A normal fasting result is 99 mg/dL or below. Prediabetes fasting levels are 100 to 125 mg/dL, and diabetes is diagnosed with levels of 126 mg/dL and above. A casual non-fasting plasma glucose level of 200 mg/dL plus the presence of signs and symptoms such as increased urination, increased thirst, and unexplained weight loss also can diagnose diabetes. An oral <strong>glucose tolerance test</strong> is used to diagnose prediabetes and gestational diabetes.</p><p>The<strong> glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1C) test </strong>(<strong>A1C</strong> for short), performed by measuring the percentage of red blood cells with glucose attached, monitors longterm glucose control. A high level indicates poor glucose control in diabetic patients.</p></td></tr><tr><td><p><strong>serum and urine tests</strong></p></td><td><p><strong>Measurement of hormones, electrolytes, glucose, and other substances in serum (blood) and urine as indicators of endocrine function.</strong></p><p>Serum studies include assays for growth hormone, somatomedin C (insulin-like growth factor or, IGF-1), prolactin level, gonadotropin levels, parathyroid hormone, calcium, and cortisol. A high reading on blood glucose testing by <strong>glucometer </strong>in a doctor’s office may be the first indication of a diabetes diagnosis (levels may be as high as 750 mg/dL, whereas normal is about 100 mg/dL).</p><p>Urine studies include dipstick testing for glucose (Clinistix, Labstix) and ketones (Acetest, Ketostix) and measurement of 17-ketosteroids (to check adrenal and gonadal function). A <strong>urinary microalbumin assa</strong>y may detect small quantities of albumin in urine as a marker or harbinger of diabetic nephropathy.</p></td></tr><tr><td><strong>thyroid function tests</strong></td><td><strong>Measurement of T3, T4, and TSH in the bloodstream.</strong></td></tr></tbody></table></div>
					<div class="c-x-scroll__gradient c-x-scroll__gradient--left"></div>
					<div class="c-x-scroll__gradient c-x-scroll__gradient--right"></div>
				</div>
		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div></div>
		
		<div class="screengrid">
			<footer class="screen__margin screen__footer u-hide-element vstdonthighlight">
				<div class="feedback">
					<div class="feedback__content js-feedback-focus" tabindex="-1"></div>
				</div>
				<div class="control-btns"></div>
			</footer>
		</div>
	</div><div  class="overlay-root vstdonthighlight rendered blocking" style="overflow-y: auto;">
		<div class="modal-cover-holder">
			<div class="modal-cover-outer"><div class="modal-cover modal-cover--transparent-medium"></div></div>
		</div>
	<div class="loading-spinner rendered" tabindex="-1">
		<!-- Set opacity to 0 inline to prevent screen flash -->
		<div class="spinner-message visuallyhidden" style="opacity: 0">Loading</div>
		<div class="spinner"></div>
	</div></div>
<script type="application/javascript">
	!function(e){var n={eid:"SCREEN",did:"78f3eab5-ff9b-47f5-9e70-296b54465224",type:"epub",screenType:"Screen",engineApi:{getEnginesBaseUrl:function(){return "../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod";},getMediaBaseUrl:function(){return "../media";},getSkinsBaseUrl:function(){return "../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod/skins_20221215125633UTC-prod/vcs";},getActivityData:function(){return "&lt;blocks&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;bd54a838-fe05-497e-8c53-f5d728829ece\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_heading&gt;\n  &lt;headingLevel value=\&quot;subheadinga\&quot;/&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style=\&quot;color:#684182;\&quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;LABORATORY TESTS&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_heading&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;85364c3f-3099-475d-9a00-35347fa7cc5e\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_table&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;table class=\&quot;c-table js-x-scroll-component\&quot; border=\&quot;1\&quot; cellspacing=\&quot;0\&quot; cellpadding=\&quot;1\&quot; style=\&quot;width: 100%;\&quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;thead/&amp;gt;&amp;lt;tbody&amp;gt;&amp;lt;tr&amp;gt;&amp;lt;td&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;fasting plasma glucose (FPG)&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt; &amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/td&amp;gt;&amp;lt;td&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Fasting blood sugar test&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;Measures circulating glucose level in a patient who has fasted at least 8 hours. This test can diagnose &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;diabetes &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;and &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;prediabetes &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(blood glucose is higher than normal but not high enough for diagnosis of diabetes). A normal fasting result is 99 mg/dL or below. Prediabetes fasting levels are 100 to 125 mg/dL, and diabetes is diagnosed with levels of 126 mg/dL and above. A casual non-fasting plasma glucose level of 200 mg/dL plus the presence of signs and symptoms such as increased urination, increased thirst, and unexplained weight loss also can diagnose diabetes. An oral &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;glucose tolerance test&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; is used to diagnose prediabetes and gestational diabetes.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;The&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt; glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1C) test &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;A1C&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; for short), performed by measuring the percentage of red blood cells with glucose attached, monitors longterm glucose control. A high level indicates poor glucose control in diabetic patients.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/td&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/tr&amp;gt;&amp;lt;tr&amp;gt;&amp;lt;td&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;serum and urine tests&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt; &amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/td&amp;gt;&amp;lt;td&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Measurement of hormones, electrolytes, glucose, and other substances in serum (blood) and urine as indicators of endocrine function.&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;Serum studies include assays for growth hormone, somatomedin C (insulin-like growth factor or, IGF-1), prolactin level, gonadotropin levels, parathyroid hormone, calcium, and cortisol. A high reading on blood glucose testing by &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;glucometer &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;in a doctor’s office may be the first indication of a diabetes diagnosis (levels may be as high as 750 mg/dL, whereas normal is about 100 mg/dL).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;Urine studies include dipstick testing for glucose (Clinistix, Labstix) and ketones (Acetest, Ketostix) and measurement of 17-ketosteroids (to check adrenal and gonadal function). A &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;urinary microalbumin assa&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;y may detect small quantities of albumin in urine as a marker or harbinger of diabetic nephropathy.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/td&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/tr&amp;gt;&amp;lt;tr&amp;gt;&amp;lt;td&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;thyroid function tests&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/td&amp;gt;&amp;lt;td&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Measurement of T3, T4, and TSH in the bloodstream.&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/td&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/tr&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/tbody&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/table&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt; &amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_table&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n&lt;/blocks&gt;";}}};e.context=n}(window);
</script>

</body>
</html>
