<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
	<meta charset="utf-8"/>
	<title>Introduction</title>
	<meta name="description" content=""/>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod/skins_20221215125633UTC-prod/vcs/css/vcs.css"/>
</head>
<body>
<div epub:type="pagebreak" id="pagebreak_204" class="hidden-pagebreak" title="204" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" />
<script type="text/JavaScript" src="../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod/vcsengines_20221215125633UTC-prod.js"></script>
<div  xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" id="9c753847-cd9e-443e-805c-a6b1d183204f" class="screen rendered">
		<div class="screengrid">
			<header class="screen__margin screen__header u-hide-element vstdonthighlight">
				
					<div class="screen__heading u-float--clearfix">
						<div class="screen__icon u-float--left"></div>
						<h2 class="screen__title" tabindex="-1"></h2>
					</div>
				

				<div class="screen__instructions"></div>
			</header>
		</div>
		
			<div class="screen__content">
				
			<div class="block rendered">
		<div id="f364609c-79ac-46ee-8a73-eafca789b95a" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			
			<h3 class="heading heading--subheadinga"><span style="color:#684182;"><strong>INTRODUCTION</strong></span><br /></h3>
		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div><div class="block rendered">
		<div id="fe3bd01a-39e4-43fa-88d5-170cd0f2f9cd" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			<div class="static__text--indent">
				<p>The skin and its accessory structures (hair, nails, and glands) make up the <strong>integumentary system</strong> of the body. Integument means covering, and the skin (weighing 8 to 10 pounds and extending over an area of 22 square feet in an average adult) is the outer covering for the body. It is, however, more than a simple body covering. This complex system of specialized tissues contains glands that secrete several types of fluids, nerves that carry impulses, and blood vessels that aid in the regulation of the body temperature.</p><p>The skin has many important functions:</p><p>First, as a protective membrane over the entire body, the skin guards the deeper tissues of the body against excessive loss of water, salts, and heat and against invasion of pathogens and their toxins. Specialized cells (Langerhans cells) react to the presence of antigens and have an immune function.</p><p>Second, the skin contains two types of glands that produce important secretions. These glands in the skin are the <strong>sebaceous glands </strong>and the <strong>sweat glands</strong>. Sebaceous glands produce <strong>sebum</strong>, an oily secretion, and <strong>sweat glands</strong> produce <strong>sweat</strong>, a watery secretion. Sebum and sweat pass to the outer edges of the skin through ducts and leave the skin through pores (openings). Sebum lubricates the surface of the skin, and sweat cools the body as it evaporates from the skin surface.</p><p>Third, nerve fibers under the skin are receptors for sensations such as pain, temperature, pressure, and touch. Thus, the body’s adjustment to the environment depends on sensory messages relayed to the brain and spinal cord by sensitive nerve endings in the skin.</p><p>Fourth, different tissues in the skin maintain body temperature (thermoregulation). Nerve fibers coordinate thermoregulation by carrying messages to the skin from heat centers in the brain that are sensitive to increases and decreases in body temperature. Impulses from these fibers cause blood vessels to dilate to bring blood to the surface and cause sweat glands to produce the watery secretion that carries heat away.</p>
			</div>

		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div></div>
		
		<div class="screengrid">
			<footer class="screen__margin screen__footer u-hide-element vstdonthighlight">
				<div class="feedback">
					<div class="feedback__content js-feedback-focus" tabindex="-1"></div>
				</div>
				<div class="control-btns"></div>
			</footer>
		</div>
	</div><div  class="overlay-root vstdonthighlight rendered blocking" style="overflow-y: auto;">
		<div class="modal-cover-holder">
			<div class="modal-cover-outer"><div class="modal-cover modal-cover--transparent-medium"></div></div>
		</div>
	<div class="loading-spinner rendered" tabindex="-1">
		<!-- Set opacity to 0 inline to prevent screen flash -->
		<div class="spinner-message visuallyhidden" style="opacity: 0">Loading</div>
		<div class="spinner"></div>
	</div></div>
<script type="application/javascript">
	!function(e){var n={eid:"SCREEN",did:"9c753847-cd9e-443e-805c-a6b1d183204f",type:"epub",screenType:"Screen",engineApi:{getEnginesBaseUrl:function(){return "../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod";},getMediaBaseUrl:function(){return "../media";},getSkinsBaseUrl:function(){return "../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod/skins_20221215125633UTC-prod/vcs";},getActivityData:function(){return "&lt;blocks&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;f364609c-79ac-46ee-8a73-eafca789b95a\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_heading&gt;\n  &lt;headingLevel value=\&quot;subheadinga\&quot;/&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style=\&quot;color:#684182;\&quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;INTRODUCTION&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_heading&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;fe3bd01a-39e4-43fa-88d5-170cd0f2f9cd\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;The skin and its accessory structures (hair, nails, and glands) make up the &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;integumentary system&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; of the body. Integument means covering, and the skin (weighing 8 to 10 pounds and extending over an area of 22 square feet in an average adult) is the outer covering for the body. It is, however, more than a simple body covering. This complex system of specialized tissues contains glands that secrete several types of fluids, nerves that carry impulses, and blood vessels that aid in the regulation of the body temperature.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;The skin has many important functions:&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;First, as a protective membrane over the entire body, the skin guards the deeper tissues of the body against excessive loss of water, salts, and heat and against invasion of pathogens and their toxins. Specialized cells (Langerhans cells) react to the presence of antigens and have an immune function.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;Second, the skin contains two types of glands that produce important secretions. These glands in the skin are the &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;sebaceous glands &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;and the &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;sweat glands&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;. Sebaceous glands produce &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;sebum&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;, an oily secretion, and &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;sweat glands&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; produce &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;sweat&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;, a watery secretion. Sebum and sweat pass to the outer edges of the skin through ducts and leave the skin through pores (openings). Sebum lubricates the surface of the skin, and sweat cools the body as it evaporates from the skin surface.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;Third, nerve fibers under the skin are receptors for sensations such as pain, temperature, pressure, and touch. Thus, the body’s adjustment to the environment depends on sensory messages relayed to the brain and spinal cord by sensitive nerve endings in the skin.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;Fourth, different tissues in the skin maintain body temperature (thermoregulation). Nerve fibers coordinate thermoregulation by carrying messages to the skin from heat centers in the brain that are sensitive to increases and decreases in body temperature. Impulses from these fibers cause blood vessels to dilate to bring blood to the surface and cause sweat glands to produce the watery secretion that carries heat away.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n&lt;/blocks&gt;";}}};e.context=n}(window);
</script>

</body>
</html>
