<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
	<meta charset="utf-8"/>
	<title>Drug Toxicity</title>
	<meta name="description" content=""/>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod/skins_20221215125633UTC-prod/vcs/css/vcs.css"/>
</head>
<body>
<div epub:type="pagebreak" id="pagebreak_294" class="hidden-pagebreak" title="294" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" />
<script type="text/JavaScript" src="../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod/vcsengines_20221215125633UTC-prod.js"></script>
<div  xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" id="21005b1a-a51f-4e14-b5b4-dc22b3cb8ff3" class="screen rendered">
		<div class="screengrid">
			<header class="screen__margin screen__header u-hide-element vstdonthighlight">
				
					<div class="screen__heading u-float--clearfix">
						<div class="screen__icon u-float--left"></div>
						<h2 class="screen__title" tabindex="-1"></h2>
					</div>
				

				<div class="screen__instructions"></div>
			</header>
		</div>
		
			<div class="screen__content">
				
			<div class="block rendered">
		<div id="099a42e5-4046-4fa4-9117-8c2bea1e3357" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			
			<h3 class="heading heading--subheadinga"><span style="color:#684182;"><strong>DRUG TOXICITY</strong></span><br /></h3>
		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div><div class="block rendered">
		<div id="3bc5d5e4-9f20-47c7-a3ec-70b54774e681" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			<div class="static__text--indent">
				<p>Drug toxicity is an unpleasant and potentially dangerous effect of a drug. <strong>Idiosyncrasy</strong> is an example of an unpredictable type of drug toxicity. This is any unexpected and uncommon side effect that develops after administration of a drug. For example, in some people, penicillin causes an <strong>idiosyncratic reaction</strong>, such as <strong>anaphylaxis</strong> (acute hypersensitivity with asthma and shock). Anaphylaxis occurs as a result of prior exposure to a drug or foreign substance (antigen).</p><p>Other types of drug toxicity are more predictable and expected, such as stomach upset after aspirin use. Physicians are trained to be aware of the potential toxic effects of all drugs that they prescribe. <strong>Iatrogenic</strong> (produced by treatment) disorders can occur, however, as a result of mistakes in drug use or because of individual sensitivity to a given agent.</p><p><strong>Side effects</strong> are unpleasant effects that routinely result from the use of a drug. They often occur with the usual therapeutic dosage of a drug and generally are tolerable and reversible when the drug is discontinued. For example, nausea, vomiting, and alopecia are common side effects of the chemotherapeutic drugs used to treat cancer. Other, rare side effects may be life-threatening, such as severe allergic reactions.</p><p><strong>Contraindications</strong> are factors in a patient’s condition that make the use of a particular drug dangerous and ill-advised. For example, in the presence of kidney failure, it is unwise to administer a drug, such as methotrexate, that is normally eliminated by the kidneys because excess drug will accumulate in the body and cause adverse effects.</p><p><strong>Drug resistance</strong> is the loss of effectiveness of a drug. It is seen when drugs are unable to control the disease process in a particular patient. Resistance results from an important mutation (genetic change) in the disease being treated (bacterial, viral, or cancer.)</p>
			</div>

		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div></div>
		
		<div class="screengrid">
			<footer class="screen__margin screen__footer u-hide-element vstdonthighlight">
				<div class="feedback">
					<div class="feedback__content js-feedback-focus" tabindex="-1"></div>
				</div>
				<div class="control-btns"></div>
			</footer>
		</div>
	</div><div  class="overlay-root vstdonthighlight rendered blocking" style="overflow-y: auto;">
		<div class="modal-cover-holder">
			<div class="modal-cover-outer"><div class="modal-cover modal-cover--transparent-medium"></div></div>
		</div>
	<div class="loading-spinner rendered" tabindex="-1">
		<!-- Set opacity to 0 inline to prevent screen flash -->
		<div class="spinner-message visuallyhidden" style="opacity: 0">Loading</div>
		<div class="spinner"></div>
	</div></div>
<script type="application/javascript">
	!function(e){var n={eid:"SCREEN",did:"21005b1a-a51f-4e14-b5b4-dc22b3cb8ff3",type:"epub",screenType:"Screen",engineApi:{getEnginesBaseUrl:function(){return "../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod";},getMediaBaseUrl:function(){return "../media";},getSkinsBaseUrl:function(){return "../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod/skins_20221215125633UTC-prod/vcs";},getActivityData:function(){return "&lt;blocks&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;099a42e5-4046-4fa4-9117-8c2bea1e3357\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_heading&gt;\n  &lt;headingLevel value=\&quot;subheadinga\&quot;/&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style=\&quot;color:#684182;\&quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;DRUG TOXICITY&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_heading&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;3bc5d5e4-9f20-47c7-a3ec-70b54774e681\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;Drug toxicity is an unpleasant and potentially dangerous effect of a drug. &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Idiosyncrasy&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; is an example of an unpredictable type of drug toxicity. This is any unexpected and uncommon side effect that develops after administration of a drug. For example, in some people, penicillin causes an &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;idiosyncratic reaction&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;, such as &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;anaphylaxis&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (acute hypersensitivity with asthma and shock). Anaphylaxis occurs as a result of prior exposure to a drug or foreign substance (antigen).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;Other types of drug toxicity are more predictable and expected, such as stomach upset after aspirin use. Physicians are trained to be aware of the potential toxic effects of all drugs that they prescribe. &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Iatrogenic&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (produced by treatment) disorders can occur, however, as a result of mistakes in drug use or because of individual sensitivity to a given agent.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Side effects&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; are unpleasant effects that routinely result from the use of a drug. They often occur with the usual therapeutic dosage of a drug and generally are tolerable and reversible when the drug is discontinued. For example, nausea, vomiting, and alopecia are common side effects of the chemotherapeutic drugs used to treat cancer. Other, rare side effects may be life-threatening, such as severe allergic reactions.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Contraindications&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; are factors in a patient’s condition that make the use of a particular drug dangerous and ill-advised. For example, in the presence of kidney failure, it is unwise to administer a drug, such as methotrexate, that is normally eliminated by the kidneys because excess drug will accumulate in the body and cause adverse effects.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Drug resistance&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; is the loss of effectiveness of a drug. It is seen when drugs are unable to control the disease process in a particular patient. Resistance results from an important mutation (genetic change) in the disease being treated (bacterial, viral, or cancer.)&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n&lt;/blocks&gt;";}}};e.context=n}(window);
</script>

</body>
</html>
