<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
	<meta charset="utf-8"/>
	<title>Mini-Dictionary</title>
	<meta name="description" content=""/>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod/skins_20221215125633UTC-prod/vcs/css/vcs.css"/>
</head>
<body>
<div epub:type="pagebreak" id="pagebreak_316" class="hidden-pagebreak" title="316" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" />
<script type="text/JavaScript" src="../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod/vcsengines_20221215125633UTC-prod.js"></script>
<div  xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" id="ce53ac47-e00b-4755-939a-50b9affc457c" class="screen rendered">
		<div class="screengrid">
			<header class="screen__margin screen__header u-hide-element vstdonthighlight">
				
					<div class="screen__heading u-float--clearfix">
						<div class="screen__icon u-float--left"></div>
						<h2 class="screen__title" tabindex="-1"></h2>
					</div>
				

				<div class="screen__instructions"></div>
			</header>
		</div>
		
			<div class="screen__content">
				
			<div class="block rendered">
		<div id="2710f8e2-9c1a-484b-99c3-292097c7564f" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			
			<h2 class="heading heading--heading"><span style="color:#CA500F;">MINI-DICTIONARY</span><br /></h2>
		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div><div class="block rendered">
		<div id="723d8139-50a2-4cf6-9b65-246e167c660b" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			<div class="static__text--indent">
				<p><span style="color:#CA500F;"><strong>A</strong></span></p><p><strong>Abdomen </strong>(AB-do-men): Space in the body below the chest containing organs such as the liver, stomach, gallbladder and intestines; abdominal cavity.</p><p><strong>Abdominal cavity</strong> (ab-DOM-i-nal KAV-ih-te): Space in the body below the chest containing organs such as the liver, stomach, gallbladder and intestines; abdomen.</p><p><strong>Abdominal ultrasonography </strong>(ab-DOM-in-al ul-trah-so-NOG-rah-fe): Sound waves are beamed into the abdomen and produce an image of abdominal organs.</p><p><strong>Abdominocentesis </strong>(ab-dom-in-o-sen-TE-sis): Puncture to remove fluid from the abdomen.</p><p><strong>Abdominoplasty </strong>(ab-DOM-in-o-plas-te): Surgical repair of the abdomen.</p><p><strong>Abduction </strong>(ab-DUK-shun): Movement away from the midline of the body.</p><p><strong>Abductor </strong>(ab-DUK-tor): Muscle that draws a limb away from the body.</p><p><strong>Abnormal </strong>(ab-NOR-mal): Pertaining to away from the rule or order.</p><p><strong>Abortion </strong>(ah-BOR-shun): Termination of pregnancy before the embryo or fetus can exist on its own.</p><p><strong>Abruptio placentae</strong> (ah-BRUP-se-o plah-SEN-te): Premature separation of the normally implanted placenta.</p><p><strong>Abscess </strong>(AB-ses): Cavity containing pus surrounded by inflamed tissue; usually the result of localized infection.</p><p><strong>Absence seizure</strong> (AB-sens SE-zhur): Minor form of seizure, consisting of momentary clouding of consciousness and loss of awareness.</p><p><strong>Absorption </strong>(ab-SORP-shun): Passage of materials though the walls of the small intestine into the bloodstream.</p><p><strong>Accommodation </strong>(ah-kom-o-DA-shun): Normal adjustment of the eye to focus on objects from far to near.</p><p><strong>ACE inhibitor</strong> (ACE in-HIB-ih-tor): Drug that lowers blood pressure by dilating blood vessels (antihypertensive).</p><p><strong>Acetabular </strong>(ah-seh-TAB-u-lar): Pertaining to the acetabulum.</p><p><strong>Acetabulum </strong>(ah-seh-TAB-u-lum): Rounded depression, or socket, in the pelvis that joins the femur, forming the hip joint.</p><p><strong>Acetone </strong>(AS-eh-tohn): A type of ketone body formed when fatty acids are broken down in the liver.</p><p><strong>Acetylcholine </strong>(a-se-til-KO-leen): Neurotransmitter chemical released at the ends of nerve cells.</p><p><strong>Achalasia </strong>(ak-ah-LA-jah): Failure of the lower esophageal sphincter muscle (LES) to relax.</p><p><strong>Achlorhydria </strong>(a-chlor-HI-dre-ah): Absence of hydrochloric acid from the gastric juice.</p><p><strong>Achondroplasia </strong>(a-kon-dro-PLA-ze-ah): Inherited disorder in which the bones of the arms and legs fail to grow to normal size; achondroplastic dwarfism.</p><p><strong>Acne </strong>(AK-ne): Chronic papular and pustular eruption of the skin with increased production of sebum.</p><p><strong>Acoustic </strong>(ah-KOOS-tik): Pertaining to hearing.</p><p><strong>Acoustic neuroma </strong>(ah-KOOS-tik nu-RO-mah): Benign tumor arising from the acoustic nerve.</p><p><strong>Acquired immunodeficiency syndrome</strong> (ah-KWI-erd im-u-no-deh-FIH-shen-se SIN-drohm): Depression or suppression of the immune system after exposure to the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV); marked by opportunistic infections, secondary neoplasms, and neurologic problems.</p><p><strong>Acromegaly </strong>(ak-ro-MEG-ah-le): Enlargement of extremities due to increased secretion of growth hormone from the pituitary gland after puberty.</p><p><strong>Acromion </strong>(ak-RO-me-on): Outward extension of the shoulder blade forming the point of the shoulder.</p><p><strong>Acrophobia </strong>(ak-ro-FO-be-ah): Fear of heights.</p><p><strong>Acute </strong>(uh-KYOOT): Characterized by severe symptoms and a short course of illness.</p><p><strong>Acute coronary syndromes </strong>(uh-KYOOT KOR-o-nair-e SIN-drohms): Consequences of plaque rupture in coronary arteries; unstable angina and myocardial infarction (heart attack).</p><p><strong>Acute lymphoid leukemia</strong> (uh-KYOOT LIMF-oyd lu-KE-me-ah): Malignant, immature lymphocytes (lymphoblasts) multiply in the blood, bone marrow, and lymphatic system.</p><p><strong>Acute myeloid leukemia</strong> (uh-KYOOT MI-eh-loyd lu-KE-me-ah): Malignant, immature granulocytes (myeloblasts) multiply in the bone marrow and bloodstream.</p><p><strong>Adaptive immunity </strong>(ah-DAP-tiv ih-MU-nih-te): The ability to recognize and remember specific antigens and mount an attack on them.</p><p><strong>Addiction </strong>(ah-DIK-shun): Physical and psychological dependence on and craving for a drug.</p><p><strong>Addison disease </strong>(AD-ih-son dih-ZEEZ): Hypofunctioning of the adrenal cortex; decreased secretion of aldosterone and cortisol.</p><p><strong>Additive action </strong>(AD-it-ive AK-shun): Drug action in which the combination of two similar drugs is equal to the sum of the effects of each.</p><p><strong>Adduction </strong>(ah-DUK-shun): Movement toward the midline of the body.</p><p><strong>Adductor </strong>(ah-DUK-tor): Muscle that draws a limb toward the body.</p><p><strong>Adenitis </strong>(ah-deh-NI-tis): Inflammation of a gland.</p><p><strong>Adenocarcinoma </strong>(ah-deh-no-kar-sih-NO-mah): Cancerous tumor of glandular tissue.</p><p><strong>Adenohypophysis </strong>(ah-den-o-hi-POF-ih-sis): Anterior lobe of the pituitary gland.</p><p><strong>Adenoid hypertrophy</strong> (AH-den-oyd hi-PER-tro-fe): Increased development of adenoids.</p><p><strong>Adenoidectomy </strong>(ah-den-oyd-EK-to-me): Removal of the adenoids.</p><p><strong>Adenoids </strong>(AH-deh-noydz): Small masses of lymphatic tissue in the throat, close to the nasal (nose) passageway.</p><p><strong>Adenoma </strong>(ah-deh-NO-mah): Tumor of a gland; benign tumor.</p><p><strong>Adenopathy </strong>(ah-deh-NOP-ah-the): Disease condition of a “gland”, actually refers to disease of lymph nodes; lymphadenopathy.</p><p><strong>Adiocyte </strong>(AH-dih-po-site): Fat cell.</p><p><strong>Adipose </strong>(AH-dih-pohz): Pertaining to fat.</p><p><strong>Adjuvant chemotherapy </strong>(AD-ju-vant ke-mo-THER-ah-pe): Treatment of disease with drugs to assist or enhance after primary treatment.</p><p><strong>Adnexa uteri </strong>(ad-NEK-sah U-ter-i): Accessory structures associated with the uterus; fallopian tubes and ovaries.</p><p><strong>Adrenal cortex</strong> (ah-DRE-nal KOR-teks): Outer section (cortex) of each adrenal gland; secretes cortisol, aldosterone, and sex hormones.</p><p><strong>Adrenal glands</strong> (ah-DRE-nal glanz): Endocrine glands above the kidney.</p><p><strong>Adrenal medulla</strong> (ah-DRE-nal me-DU-lah): Inner section (medulla) of each adrenal gland; secretes epinephrine and norepinephrine.</p><p><strong>Adrenal virilism</strong> (ah-DRE-nal VIR-il-izm): Excessive secretion of adrenal androgens.</p><p><strong>Adrenalectomy </strong>(ah-dre-nal-EK-to-me): Removal of an adrenal gland.</p><p><strong>Adrenaline </strong>(ah-DREH-nah-lin): Hormone secreted by the adrenal medulla; increases heart rate and blood pressure. Also called epinephrine.</p><p><strong>Adrenocorticotropic hormone</strong> (ah-dre-no-kor-tih-ko-TROP-ik HOR-mone): Secretion from the anterior lobe of the pituitary gland; stimulates the adrenal cortex; ACTH.</p><p><strong>Adrenocorticotropin </strong>(ah-dre-no-kor-tih-ko-TRO-pin): Adrenocorticotropic hormone; ACTH.</p><p><strong>Aerosol </strong>(AIR-o-sol): Particles of drug suspended in air and inhaled.</p><p><strong>Affect </strong>(AF-ekt): External expression of emotion; emotional response.</p><p><strong>Afferent nerves </strong>(AF-er-ent nervz): Carry nervous impulses <em>toward </em>the brain and spinal cord; sensory nerves.</p><p><strong>Agoraphobia </strong>(ah-gor-ah-FO-be-ah): Fear of open spaces; an anxiety disorder.</p><p><strong>Akinetic </strong>(a-kih-NET-ik): Pertaining to loss or absence of voluntary movement.</p><p><strong>Albinism </strong>(AL-bih-niz-im): Condition of skin deficient in pigment (melanin).</p><p><strong>Albumin </strong>(al-BU-min): Major protein found in blood.</p><p><strong>Albuminuria </strong>(al-bu-min-U-re-ah): Protein in the urine.</p><p><strong>Aldosterone </strong>(al-DOS-teh-rone): Hormone secreted by the adrenal cortex; regulates salt and water balance.</p><p><strong>Alkylating agents </strong>(AL-kih-la-ting A-jents): Synthetic chemicals used in treatment of cancer. They interfere with DNA synthesis and cell division to prevent cancer cells from increasing in number.</p><p><strong>Allergen </strong>(AL-er-jen): Substance capable of causing a specific hypersensitivity reaction; a type of antigen.</p><p><strong>Allergy </strong>(AL-er-je): Abnormal hypersensitivity acquired by exposure to an antigen (allergen).</p><p><strong>Alopecia </strong>(al-o-PE-she-ah): Partial or complete lack of hair.</p><p><strong>Alopecia areata</strong> (al-o-PE-she-ah ar-e-AT-ah): Autoimmune disease in which hair falls out in round patches.</p><p><strong>Alveolar </strong>(al-ve-O-lar): Pertaining to an alveolus.</p><p><strong>Alveolus; <em>pl</em>. alveoli</strong> (al-VE-o-lus; al-VE-o-li): Individualized section of an air sac in the lung.</p><p><strong>Alzheimer disease</strong> (ALZ-hi-mer dih-ZEEZ): Brain disorder marked by gradual and progressive mental deterioration (dementia), personality changes, and impairment of daily functioning.</p><p><strong>Amblyopia </strong>(am-ble-O-pe-ah): Decreased visual acuity often in a single eye and appearing in children; lazy eye.</p><p><strong>Amenorrhea </strong>(a-men-o-RE-ah): Absence of menstrual flow.</p><p><strong>Amino acids</strong> (ah-ME-no AS-idz): Small building blocks of proteins, released when proteins are digested.</p><p><strong>Amnesia </strong>(am-NE-ze-ah): Loss of memory.</p><p><strong>Amniocentesis </strong>(am-ne-o-sen-TE-sis): Puncture with a needle to withdraw fluid from within the amniotic sac.</p><p><strong>Amnion </strong>(AM-ne-on): Innermost membrane surrounding the embryo and fetus.</p><p><strong>Amniotic fluid</strong> (am-ne-OT-ik FLU-id): Fluid contained within the amniotic sac surrounding the embryo and fetus.</p><p><strong>Amphetamine </strong>(am-FET-ah-meen): Central nervous system stimulant.</p><p><strong>Amylase </strong>(AM-ih-layz): Enzyme that digests (breaks down): starches into simpler substances (such as sugars).</p><p><strong>Amylase and lipase tests</strong> (am-ih-LAYZ and LI-pays tests): Tests for the levels of amylase and lipase enzymes in the blood.</p><p><strong>Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis</strong> (a-mi-o-TRO-fik LA-ter-al skleh-RO-sis): Degenerative disorder of motor neurons in the spinal cord and brainstem leading to progressive muscular paralysis; Lou Gehrig disease.</p><p><strong>Anabolism </strong>(ah-NAB-o-liz-im): Process of building up proteins in cells.</p><p><strong>Anal fistula</strong> (A-nal FIS-tu-la): Abnormal tube-like passageway near the anus.</p><p><strong>Analgesia </strong>(an-al-JE-ze-ah): Absence of sensitivity to pain.</p><p><strong>Analgesic </strong>(an-al-JE-sik): Drug that relieves pain.</p><p><strong>Analysis </strong>(ah-NAL-ih-sis): Separation of a substance into various parts.</p><p><strong>Anaphylaxis </strong>(an-ah-fih-LAK-sis): Exaggerated hypersensitivity reaction to a previously encountered drug or foreign protein.</p><p><strong>Anaplasia </strong>(an-ah-PLA-ze-ah): Loss of differentiation of cells and reversion to a more primitive, unspecialized cell type.</p><p><strong>Anastomosis </strong>(ah-nas-to-MO-sis): Surgical procedure that creates a new opening between two previously unconnected tubular structures in the body.</p><p><strong>Androgen </strong>(AN-dro-jen): Male hormone secreted by the testes; responsible for developing and maintaining male secondary sex characteristics. Testosterone is an example.</p><p><strong>Anemia </strong>(ah-NE-me-ah): Condition marked by reduction in the number of erythrocytes or in the amount of hemoglobin in blood.</p><p><strong>Anencephaly </strong>(an-en-SEF-ah-le): Congenital condition of partial or complete absence of brain matter.</p><p><strong>Anesthesia </strong>(an-es-THE-ze-ah): Absence of nervous feeling or sensation.</p><p><strong>Anesthetic </strong>(an-es-THET-ik): Drug that reduces or eliminates nervous sensation; general and local.</p><p><strong>Aneurysm </strong>(AN-yoo-rih-zim): Weakening of an arterial wall, which may lead to hemorrhage and cerebrovascular accident (stroke).</p><p><strong>Angina </strong>(an-JI-nah): Chest pain associated with myocardial ischemia (poor blood supply).</p><p><strong>Angiogenesis </strong>(an-je-o-JEN-ih-sis): Formation of blood vessels.</p><p><strong>Angiogram </strong>(AN-je-o-gram): X-ray record of blood vessels.</p><p><strong>Angiography </strong>(an-je-OG-rah-fe): X-ray imaging of blood vessels after injection of contrast material.</p><p><strong>Angioplasty </strong>(AN-je-o-plas-te): Surgical repair of a blood vessel.</p><p><strong>Angiotensin II receptor blocker </strong>(an-je-o-TEN-sin 2 re-CEP-tor BLOK-er): Drug that lowers blood pressure by preventing angiotensin from acting on receptors in blood vessels.</p><p><strong>Anhidrosis </strong>(an-hi-DRO-sis): Absence of sweating.</p><p><strong>Anisocoria </strong>(an-i-so-KO-re-ah): Inequality in the size of pupils.</p><p><strong>Anisocytosis </strong>(an-i-so-si-TO-sis): Inequality in the size of red blood cells.</p><p><strong>Ankylosing spondylitis </strong>(ang-kih-LO-sing spon-dih-LI-tis): Chronic, progressive arthritis with stiffening of joints, primarily of the spine.</p><p><strong>Ankylosis </strong>(ang-kih-LO-sis): Immobility (fusion) of a joint due to disease, injury, or surgical procedure.</p><p><strong>Anorexia </strong>(an-or-EK-se-ah): Lack of appetite.</p><p><strong>Anorexia nervosa</strong> (an-o-REK-se-ah ner-VO-sah): Eating disorder of excessive dieting and refusal to maintain a normal body weight.</p><p><strong>Anosmia </strong>(an-OZ-me-ah): Loss of the sense of smell.</p><p><strong>Anovulatory </strong>(an-OV-u-lat-or-e): Pertaining to the absence of ovulation.</p><p><strong>Anoxia </strong>(ah-NOK-se-ah): Without oxygen.</p><p><strong>Antacid </strong>(ant-AS-id): Drug that neutralizes acid in the stomach.</p><p><strong>Antagonistic action</strong> (an-tag-on-NIS-tik AK-shun): Combination of two drugs gives less than the sum of the effects of each together.</p><p><strong>Ante cibum</strong> (AN-te SE-bum): Before meals; (a.c.).</p><p><strong>Anteflexion </strong>(an-te-FLEK-shun): Bending forward.</p><p><strong>Antepartum </strong>(an-te-PAR-tum): Before birth.</p><p><strong>Anterior </strong>(an-TE-re-or): Pertaining to the front portion of the body; ventral</p><p><strong>Anterior chamber</strong> (an-TE-re-or CHAYM-ber): Area of the eye behind the cornea and in front of the lens and iris. It contains aqueous humor.</p><p><strong>Anteroposterior </strong>(an-ter-o-pos-TE-re-or): In this AP x-ray view, x-rays travel from an anteriorly placed source to a posteriorly placed detector (x-ray beam passes from the front to the back of the body).</p><p><strong>Anthracosis </strong>(an-thrah-KO-sis): Abnormal condition of coal dust in the lungs; black lung disease.</p><p><strong>Antiandrogen </strong>(an-te-AN-dro-jen): Drug that blocks the formation of androgens or interferes with their effect in tissues.</p><p><strong>Antiarrhythmic </strong>(an-te-a-RITH-mik): Drug that treats abnormal heart rhythms.</p><p><strong>Antibiotic </strong>(an-tih-bi-OT-ik): Chemical substance that has the ability to inhibit or destroy foreign organisms in the body.</p><p><strong>Antibody </strong>(AN-tih-bod-e): Protein made by white blood cells in response to foreign substances (antigens) in the blood.</p><p><strong>Anticoagulant </strong>(an-tih-ko-AG-ul-lant): Substance that prevents blood clotting.</p><p><strong>Anticonvulsant </strong>(an-tih-kon-VUL-sant): Drug that prevents convulsions and seizures.</p><p><strong>Antidepressant </strong>(an-tih-de-PRES-ant): Drug that relieves symptoms of depression.</p><p><strong>Antidiabetic </strong>(an-tih-di-ah-BET-ik): Drug given to prevent or treat diabetes mellitus.</p><p><strong>Antidiarrheal </strong>(an-tih-di-ah-RE-al): Drug that prevents diarrhea.</p><p><strong>Antidiuretic hormone </strong>(an-tih-di-u-RET-ik HOR-mone): Pituitary gland hormone that stimulates the kidney to decrease production of urine, preventing excess loss of water. Also called vasopressin.</p><p><strong>Antidote</strong> (AN-tih-dote): Agent given to counteract an unwanted effect of a drug.</p><p><strong>Antiemetic </strong>(an-te-eh-MET-ik): Drug that prevents nausea and vomiting.</p><p><strong>Antigen </strong>(AN-tih-jen): Foreign substance or toxin (poison) that stimulates the production of an antibody; evokes an immune response.</p><p><strong>Antiglobulin test</strong> (an-tih-GLOB-u-lin test): Test for the presence of antibodies that coat and damage erythrocytes; Coombs test.</p><p><strong>Antihistamine </strong>(an-tih-HIS-tah-meen): Drug that blocks the action of histamine and helps prevent symptoms of allergy.</p><p><strong>Antimetabolites </strong>(an-tih-meh-TAB-o-lites): Chemicals that prevent cell division by inhibiting formation of substances necessary to make DNA; used in cancer treatment.</p><p><strong>Antimicrobial </strong>(an-tih-mi-KRO-be-al): Agent that kills microorganisms or stops their growth.</p><p><strong>Antimitotics </strong>(an-tih-mi-TOT-iks): Drugs that block mitosis (cell division); used to treat cancer.</p><p><strong>Antinauseant </strong>(an-tih-NAW-ze-ant): Drug that relieves nausea and vomiting; antiemetic.</p><p><strong>Antinuclear antibody test </strong>(an-te-NU-kle-ar AN-tih-bod-e test): Detects an antibody present in serum of patients with systemic lupus erythematosus and other autoimmune diseases.</p><p><strong>Antiplatelet </strong>(an-tih-PLAYT-let): Drug that reduces the tendency of platelets to stick together and form a clot.</p><p><strong>Antipruritic </strong>(an-tih-pru-RIT-ik): Drug that acts against itching (pruritus).</p><p><strong>Antipyretic </strong>(an-tih-pih-RET-ik): Drug that lowers fever.</p><p><strong>Antisepsis </strong>(an-tih-SEP-sus): Destruction of microorganisms to prevent infection.</p><p><strong>Antisocial personality</strong> (an-te-SO-shal per-son-AL-ih-te): Characterized by lack of loyalty or concern for others and lack of moral standards.</p><p><strong>Antitoxin</strong> (an-tih-TOX-in): Substance produced against a toxin (poison); an antibody.</p><p><strong>Antiulcer </strong>(an-te-UL-ser): Drug that inhibits the secretion of acid by cells lining the stomach.</p><p><strong>Antiviral </strong>(an-te-VI-ral): Drug that acts against viruses such as the herpes virus and HIV.</p><p><strong>Anuria </strong>(an-U-re-ah): Suppression of urine formation.</p><p><strong>Anus </strong>(A-nus): Opening of the rectum to the outside of the body.</p><p><strong>Anxiety </strong>disorders (ang-ZI-et-e dis-OR-derz): Characterized by unpleasant tensions, distress, and avoidance behavior; examples are phobias, obsessive-compulsive disorder, and post-traumatic distress disorder.</p><p><strong>Anxiolytic </strong>(ang-zi-o-LIT-ik): Drug that relieves anxiety and produces a relaxing effect.</p><p><strong>Aorta </strong>(a-OR-tah): Largest artery in the body</p><p><strong>Aortic stenosis</strong> (a-OR-tik steh-NO-sis): Narrowing of the aorta.</p><p><strong>Apathy </strong>(AH-pah-the): Absence of emotions; lack of interest or emotional involvement.</p><p><strong>Apex of the heart </strong>(A-pex of the hart): Lower tip of the heart.</p><p><strong>Apex of the lung</strong> (A-pex of the lung): Uppermost portion of the lung.</p><p><strong>Apgar score</strong> (AP-gar score): System of scoring an infant’s physical condition at 1 and 5 minutes after birth; assesses heart rate, respiration, color, muscle tone and response to stimuli.</p><p><strong>Aphakia </strong>(ah-FA-ke-ah): Absence of the lens of the eye.</p><p><strong>Aphasia </strong>(ah-FA-ze-ah): Inability to speak; language function is impaired due to injury to the cerebral cortex.</p><p><strong>Apheresis </strong>(ah-feh-RE-sis): Withdrawal and separation of blood elements.</p><p><strong>Aphthous stomatitis</strong> (AF-thus sto-mah-TI-tis): Inflammation of the mouth with small ulcers; canker sores.</p><p><strong>Apical </strong>(A-pih-kal): Pertaining to the tip of an organ.</p><p><strong>Aplastic anemia</strong> (a-PLAS-tik ah-NE-me-ah): Failure of blood cell production in the bone marrow.</p><p><strong>Apnea </strong>(AP-ne-ah): Without breathing.</p><p><strong>Apocrine sweat gland</strong> (AP-o-krin swet gland): One of the large dermal exocrine glands located in the axilla and genital areas. It secretes sweat that, in action with bacteria, is responsible for human body odor.</p><p><strong>Apoptosis </strong>(a-pop-TO-sis): Programmed cell death.</p><p><strong>Appendectomy </strong>(ap-en-DEK-to-me): Removal or excision of the appendix.</p><p><strong>Appendicitis </strong>(ap-en-dih-SI-tis): Inflammation of the appendix.</p><p><strong>Appendix </strong>(ap-EN-diks): Small, tube-like organ connected to beginning of the large intestine (cecum). It is located in the right lower quadrant (RLQ) of the abdomen.</p><p><strong>Apraxia </strong>(a-PRAK-se-ah): Inability to perform purposeful acts or manipulate objects.</p><p><strong>Aqueous humor</strong> (AH-kwe-us HU-mor): Fluid produced by the ciliary body and found in the anterior chamber of the eye.</p><p><strong>Arachnoid membrane </strong>(ah-RAK-noyd MEM-brayn): Middle layer of the meninges that surrounds the brain and spinal cord.</p><p><strong>Areola </strong>(air-e-O-lah): Dark, pigmented area surrounding the breast nipple.</p><p><strong>Aromatase inhibitor </strong>(ah-RO-mah-tace in-HIB-it-or): Drug that reduces estrogen in the blood by blocking the enzyme, aromatase.</p><p><strong>Arrhythmia </strong>(a-RITH-me-ah): Irregular or abnormal heartbeat; literally without rhythm.</p><p><strong>Arterial anastomosis</strong> (ar-TE-re-al ah-nas-to-MO-sis): New surgical connection between two arteries.</p><p><strong>Arteriography </strong>(ar-TE-re-OG-rah-fe): X-ray recording of arteries; contrast is injected.</p><p><strong>Arteriole </strong>(ar-TE-re-ohl): Small artery.</p><p><strong>Arteriosclerosis </strong>(ar-te-re-o-skleh-RO-sis): Hardening of an artery with collection of fatty plaque.</p><p><strong>Artery </strong>(AR-teh-re): Largest type of blood vessel.</p><p><strong>Arthralgia </strong>(ar-THRAL-jah): Joint pain.</p><p><strong>Arthritis </strong>(ar-THRI-tis): Inflammation of a joint.</p><p><strong>Arthrocentesis </strong>(ar-thro-sen-TE-sis): Surgical puncture to remove fluid from the joint space.</p><p><strong>Arthrodesis </strong>(ar-thro-DE-sis): Surgical fusion of a joint to eliminate movement.</p><p><strong>Athrography </strong>(ar-THROG-rah-fe): X-ray imaging of a joint after injection of contrast material.</p><p><strong>Arthroplasty </strong>(ar-thro-PLAS-te): Surgical repair of a joint; total hip replacement and total knee replacement are examples.</p><p><strong>Arthroscopy </strong>(ar-THROS-ko-pe): Visual examination of the inside of joint with an endoscope.</p><p><strong>Arthrotomy </strong>(ar-THROT-o-me): Incision of a joint.</p><p><strong>Articular cartilage</strong> (ar-TIK-u-lar KAR-tih-laj): Smooth white tissue that covers the ends of bones where they come together at a joint.</p><p><strong>Articulation </strong>(ar-tik-u-LA-shun): Any type of joint.</p><p><strong>Asbestosis </strong>(as-bes-TO-sis): Abnormal condition of asbestos fiber particles in the lungs.</p><p><strong>Ascites </strong>(ah-SI-teez): Abnormal accumulation of fluid in the abdomen.</p><p><strong>Aspermia </strong>(a-SPERM-e-ah): Failure to produce semen.</p><p><strong>Asphyxia </strong>(as-FIX-se-ah): Deficient oxygen and increased carbon dioxide in the bloodstream leading to unconsciousness or death.</p><p><strong>Asplenia </strong>(a-SPLEN-e-ah): Absence of a spleen.</p><p><strong>Asthma </strong>(AZ-mah): Chronic inflammatory disorder, with airway obstruction due to bronchiolar edema, constriction, and increased mucus production.</p><p><strong>Astigmatism </strong>(ah-STIG-mah-tiz-im): Defective curvature of the cornea or lens of the eye.</p><p><strong>Astrocyte </strong>(AS-tro-site): Glial (neuroglial) cell that transports salts and water from capillaries in the central nervous system.</p><p><strong>Astrocytoma </strong>(as-tro-si-TO-mah): Malignant brain tumor composed of astrocytes (glial cells).</p><p><strong>Ataxia </strong>(a-TAK-se-ah): Without coordination.</p><p><strong>Atelectasis </strong>(at-eh-LEK-tah-sis): Collapsed lung.</p><p><strong>Atherectomy </strong>(ath-eh-REK-to-me): Removal of plaque (lipids and clots) that accumulate in the lining of an artery.</p><p><strong>Atheroma </strong>(ath-er-O-mah): Mass of fatty plaque that collects in an artery.</p><p><strong>Atherosclerosis </strong>(ath-er-o-skleh-RO-sis): Fatty plaque deposits in the interior lining of an artery; a form of arteriosclerosis.</p><p><strong>Atopic dermatitis</strong> (a-TOP-ik der-mah-TI-tis): Inflammation of skin (rash and intense itching) that tends to occur in patients with a family history of allergic reactions.</p><p><strong>Atopy </strong>(AT-o-pe): Intense allergic reaction (such as asthma) influenced by hereditary tendency or predisposition.</p><p><strong>Atresia </strong>(a-TRE-ze-ah): Absence of a normal opening.</p><p><strong>Atrial </strong>(A-tre-al): Pertaining to an atrium (upper chamber of the heart).</p><p><strong>Atrial fibrillation</strong> (A-tre-al fib-rih-LA-shun): Electrical impulses move randomly throughout the atria, causing the atria to quiver instead of contracting with a normal rhythm.</p><p><strong>Atrioventricular block</strong> (a-tre-o-ven-TRIK-u-lar blok): Failure of proper conduction of impulses from the SA node through the AV node to the atrioventricular bundle (bundle of His).</p><p><strong>Atrioventricular bundle</strong> (a-tre-o-ven-TRIK-u-lar BUN-dil): Specialized muscle fibers connecting the atria with the ventricles and transmitting impulses between them; bundle of His.</p><p><strong>Atrioventricular node</strong> (a-tre-o-ven-TRIK-u-lar node): Specialized tissue in the wall between the atria. Electrical impulses pass from the sino-atrial node (pacemaker) through the atrioventricular node and atrioventricular bundle (bundle of His) toward the ventricles.</p><p><strong>Atrium; <em>pl</em>. atria </strong>(A-tre-um; A-tre-ah): Upper chamber of the heart.</p><p><strong>Atrophy </strong>(AT-ro-fe): Decrease in size of normally developed organ or tissue of the body; wasting away.</p><p><strong>Atypical antipsychotics</strong> (a-TIP-ik-al an-tih-si-KOT-iks): Drugs used to treat schizophrenia, bipolar disorder and other serious mental illnesses (psychoses).</p><p><strong>Audiogram </strong>(AW-de-o-gram): Record of hearing using an audiometer.</p><p><strong>Audiologist </strong>(aw-de-OL-o-jist): Healthcare professional specializing in the evaluation and rehabilitation of people with hearing loss.</p><p><strong>Audiometer </strong>(aw-de-OM-eh-ter): Instrument to measure or test hearing.</p><p><strong>Audiometry </strong>(aw-de-OM-eh-tre): Testing the sense of hearing.</p><p><strong>Auditory canal </strong>(AW-dih-to-re kah-NAL): Channel that leads from the pinna to the eardrum.</p><p><strong>Auditory meatus</strong> (AW-dih-to-re me-A-tus): Auditory canal.</p><p><strong>Auditory nerve fibers </strong>(AW-dih-to-re nerv FI-berz): Carry impulses from the inner ear to the brain (cerebral cortex).</p><p><strong>Auditory tube </strong>(AW-dih-to-re toob): Channel between the middle ear and the nasopharynx; eustachian tube.</p><p><strong>Aura </strong>(AW-rah): Peculiar sensation appearing before more definite symptoms.</p><p><strong>Aural </strong>(AW-ral): Pertaining to the ear.</p><p><strong>Auricle </strong>(AW-rih-kl): Protruding part of the external ear; pinna.</p><p><strong>Auscultation</strong> (aw-skul-TA-shun): Listening for sounds in the chest and abdomen using a stethoscope.</p><p><strong>Autism </strong>(AW-tizm): Neurodevelopmental disorder characterized by inhibited social interaction and communication and by restricted, repetitive behavior.</p><p><strong>Autoimmune disease</strong> (aw-to-ih-MEWN dih-ZEEZ): Condition in which the immune system (antibodies) attacks nomal, healthy cells producing chronic, disabling diseases.</p><p><strong>Autologous transfusion</strong> (aw-TOL-o-gus trans-FU-zhun): Removal and then reinfusion of a patient’s own blood or blood components.</p><p><strong>Autonomic nervous system</strong> (aw-to-NOM-ik NER-vus SIS-tem): Nerves that control involuntary body functions of muscles, glands, and internal organs.</p><p><strong>Autopsy </strong>(AW-top-se): Examination of a body after death (postmortem) to determine the cause of death.</p><p><strong>Avoidant personality</strong> (ah-VOY-dant per-son-AL-ih-te): Personality disorder marked by a pattern of social inhibition, feelings of inadequacy, and hypersensitivity to negative evaluation.</p><p><strong>Axillary </strong>(AK-sil-ar-e): Pertaining to the under arm or armpit.</p><p><strong>Axillary nodes </strong>(AKS-il-ar-e nodes): Lymph nodes under the arm.</p><p><strong>Axon </strong>(AKS-on): Microscopic fiber that carries a nervous impulse along a nerve cell.</p><p><strong>Azoospermia </strong>(a-zo-o-SPERM-e-ah): Lack of sperm in the semen.</p><p><strong>Azotemia </strong>(az-o-TE-me-ah): Excess nitrogenous waste products in the blood; uremia.</p>
			</div>

		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div><div class="block rendered">
		<div id="ecdc3a5f-0425-4b89-becd-95400984a9be" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			<div class="static__text--indent">
				<p><strong><span style="color:#CA500F;">B</span></strong></p><p><strong>B cell</strong> (B sel): Lymphocyte that matures into a plasma cell to secrete antibodies.</p><p><strong>Bacilli </strong>(bah-SIL-i): Rod-shaped bacteria that are the cause of tuberculosis.</p><p><strong>Bacterial analyses</strong> (bak-TE-re-al ah-NAL-ih-seez): Samples of skin examined for presence of microorganisms.</p><p><strong>Bacteriuria </strong>(bak-te-re-U-re-ah): Bacteria in the urine.</p><p><strong>Balanitis </strong>(bal-ah-NI-tis): Inflammation of the glans penis.</p><p><strong>Bariatric surgery</strong> (bar-e-AT-rik SUR-jer-e): Weight loss surgery including gastric sleeve and gastric bypass procedures.</p><p><strong>Bartholin glands</strong> (BAR-tho-lin glandz): Two small mucus-secreting glands near the opening of the vagina to the outside of the body.</p><p><strong>Bartholinitis </strong>(bar-tho-lin-I-tis): Inflammation of Bartholin glands.</p><p><strong>Basal cell carcinoma</strong> (BA-sal sel kar-sih-NO-mah): Skin cancer arising from cells in the basal layer of the epidermis.</p><p><strong>Basal layer</strong> (BA-sal LA-er): Deepest region of the epidermis; it gives rise to all the epidermal cells.</p><p><strong>Base of the lung</strong> (base of the lung): Lower portion of the lung.</p><p><strong>Basophil </strong>(BA-so-fil): White blood cell containing granules that stain blue (with a basic dye); associated with release of histamine and heparin.</p><p><strong>Bell palsy</strong> (bel PAWL-ze): Unilateral paralysis of the face caused by a disorder of the facial nerve.</p><p><strong>Benign </strong>(be-NINE): Non-cancerous.</p><p><strong>Benign prostatic hyperplasia </strong>(be-NINE pros-TAH-tik hi-per-PLA-ze-ah): Prostatic enlargement; nonmalignant.</p><p><strong>Benign tumor </strong>(be-NINE TU-mor): Noncancerous growth.</p><p><strong>Benzodiazepines </strong>(ben-zo-di-AZ-eh-peenz): Drugs used to treat anxiety and panic attacks.</p><p><strong>Beta blocker</strong> (BA-tah BLOK-er): Drug used to treat high blood pressure and control heart rate.</p><p><strong>Biconvex </strong>(bi-KON-vex): Consisting of two surfaces that are rounded, elevated, and curved evenly, like part of a sphere. The lens of the eye is a biconvex body.</p><p><strong>Bifurcation </strong>(bi-fur-KA-shun): Branching into two parts.</p><p><strong>Bilateral </strong>(bi-LAT-er-al): Pertaining to two or both sides.</p><p><strong>Bile </strong>(bile): Digestive juice made in the liver and stored in the gallbladder</p><p><strong>Biliary </strong>(BIH-le-er-e): Pertaining to bile or bile ducts. Bile ducts empty bile into the small intestine (duodenum).</p><p><strong>Biliary atresia</strong> (BIL-e-ar-e a-TRE-ze-ah): Congenital absence of the opening from the common bile duct into small intestine (duodenum).</p><p><strong>Bilirubin </strong>(bih-le-RU-bin): Orange-yellow pigment found in bile. It is released from the breakdown of hemoglobin when red blood cells die.</p><p><strong>Biology </strong>(bi-OL-o-je): Study of life (living organisms).</p><p><strong>Biopsy </strong>(BI-op-se): Process of removing a small piece of living tissue for microscopic examination.</p><p><strong>Bipolar disorders</strong> (bi-PO-lar dis-OR-derz): These disorders are marked by alternating periods of mania and depression.</p><p><strong>Bisphosphonate </strong>(bis-FOS-fo-nate): Drug that prevents bone loss in osteoporosis and osteopenia.</p><p><strong>Biventricular pacemaker</strong> (bi-ven-TRIK-u-lar PACE-ma-ker): Device enabling ventricles to beat together (in synchrony) so that more blood is pumped out of the heart.</p><p><strong>Blepharitis </strong>(bleh-fah-RI-tis): Inflammation of an eyelid.</p><p><strong>Blepharoptosis </strong>(bleh-fah-rop-TO-sis): Sagging or drooping eyelid; ptosis.</p><p><strong>Blood transfusion</strong> (blud trans-FU-zhun): Blood cells or whole blood from a closely match donor are infused into a patient.</p><p><strong>Blood-brain barrier</strong> (blud-brayn BAH-re-er): Blood vessels that let certain substances enter the brain tissue and keep other substances out.</p><p><strong>BNP test </strong>(BNP test): Measurement of BNP (brain natriuretic peptide) in blood; BNP is elevated in heart failure.</p><p><strong>Bone </strong>(bone): Dense, hard connective tissue composing the skeleton.</p><p><strong>Bone density test </strong>(bone DEN-sih-te test): Low-energy x-ray absorption in bones of the spinal column, pelvis, and wrist; used to measure bone mass. Also called dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry (DEXA or DXA).</p><p><strong>Bone depression </strong>(bone de-PREH-shun): Opening or hollow region serving as a connection for bones, or as passageways for blood vessels and nerves.</p><p><strong>Bone marrow biopsy</strong> (bone MAH-ro BI-op-se): Needle aspiration of a small amount of bone marrow followed by examination under a microscope.</p><p><strong>Bone marrow transplantation</strong> (bone MAH-row tranz-plan-TA-shun): Bone marrow tissue is infused intravenously into a patient.</p><p><strong>Bone process</strong> (bone PROS-es): Enlarged area that extends out from bones as an attachment for muscles, tendons, and ligaments.</p><p><strong>Bone scan</strong> (bone skan): Uptake of a radioactive substance is measured in bone.</p><p><strong>Borborygmi</strong> (bor-bor-IG-me): Rumbling or gurgling noises produced by hyperactive movement of gas, fluid, or both in the gastrointestinal tract.</p><p><strong>Borderline personality</strong> (BOR-der-line per-son-AL-ih-te): Instability in interpersonal relationships and sense of self; alternating involvement with and rejection of people.</p><p><strong>Bowel </strong>(BOW-el): Intestine. The large bowel is called the colon and the small bowel is the small intestine.</p><p><strong>Brachial artery</strong> (BRA-ke-al AR-ter-e): Artery that carries blood to the arm.</p><p><strong>Brachytherapy </strong>(bra-ke-THER-ah-pe): Placement of radioactive material (small sealed containers) in contact with or implanted into tumor tissue.</p><p><strong>Bradycardia </strong>(bra-de-KAR-de-ah): Slow heartbeat.</p><p><strong>Bradykinesia </strong>(bra-de-kih-NE-se-ah): Slow movement.</p><p><strong>Brain tumor</strong> (BRAYN TU-mor): Abnormal growth of brain tissue and meninges; may be benign or malignant growth.</p><p><strong>Brainstem </strong>(BRAYN-stem): Lower portion of the brain that connects the cerebrum with the spinal cord; includes the midbrain, pons, and medulla oblongata.</p><p><strong>Brand name</strong> (brand name): Commercial name for a drug; trade or trademark name.</p><p><strong>Breast cancer</strong> (brest KAN-ser): Malignant tumor of the breast (arising from milk glands and ducts).</p><p><strong>Bronchiectasis </strong>(brong-ke-EK-tah-sis): Abnormal condition of the lung in which bronchi become damaged and widened (dilated); usually secondary to infection.</p><p><strong>Bronchioles </strong>(BRONG-ke-ohlz): Small bronchial tubes.</p><p><strong>Bronchiolitis </strong>(brong-ke-o-LI-tis): Inflammation of a bronchiole.</p><p><strong>Bronchitis </strong>(brong-KI-tis): Inflammation of bronchial tubes.</p><p><strong>Bronchoalveolar lavage </strong>(BRONG-ko-al-ve-O-lar lah-VAJ): Irrigation or washing of a bronchus by injecting fluid through a bronchoscope and then removing it to analyze the contents.</p><p><strong>Bronchodilator </strong>(brong-ko-DI-la-tor): Agent that dilates (widens) blood vessels and relieves bronchospasm.</p><p><strong>Bronchopleural </strong>(brong-ko-PLU-ral): Pertaining to the bronchus and the pleura.</p><p><strong>Bronchoscopy </strong>(brong-KOS-ko-pe): Visual examination of the bronchial tubes using an endoscope or bronchoscope.</p><p><strong>Bronchospasm </strong>(BRONG-ko-spaz-im): Involuntary muscular contractions in bronchial tubes leading to narrowing of the bronchi.</p><p><strong>Bronchus; <em>pl</em>. bronchi</strong> (BRONG-kus; BRONG-ki): Branch of the trachea that leads toward the air sacs of the lung.</p><p><strong>Bruit </strong>(BRU-e): Abnormal blowing or swishing sound heard on auscultation of an artery or an organ.</p><p><strong>Buccal </strong>(BUK-al): Pertaining to the cheek.</p><p><strong>Buccal mucosa </strong>(BUK-al mu-KO-sah): Mucous membrane lining the cheek.</p><p><strong>Bulbourethral glands </strong>(bul-bo-u-RE-thral glandz): Pair of exocrine glands, located on either side of the male urethra, just below the prostate. They secrete fluid that becomes part of semen.</p><p><strong>Bulimia nervosa </strong>(bu-LE-me-ah ner-VO-sah): Eating disorder marked by binge eating followed by induced vomiting or other forms of purging, such as misuse of laxatives or enemas; also associated with depression.</p><p><strong>Bulla;<em> pl</em>. bullae</strong> (BUL-ah; BUL-e): Large blister.</p><p><strong>BUN </strong>(B-U-N): Measurement of urea levels in blood.</p><p><strong>Bundle of His </strong>(BUN-dil of hiss): Atrioventricular bundle.</p><p><strong>Bunion </strong>(BUN-yun): Enlargement of bone or tissue around the joint at the base of the big toe (metatarsophalangeal joint); hallux valgus.</p><p><strong>Burns </strong>(burnz): Injuries to tissues caused by heat contact.</p><p><strong>Bursa; <em>pl</em>. bursae </strong>(BUR-sah; BUR-se): Sac of fluid near a joint; promotes smooth sliding of one tissue against another.</p><p><strong>Bursitis </strong>(bur-SI-tis): Inflammation of a bursa.</p>
			</div>

		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div><div class="block rendered">
		<div id="7eb501f3-c15d-4398-aaf6-0e3a24d47aea" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			<div class="static__text--indent">
				<p><span style="color:#CA500F;"><strong>C</strong></span></p><p><strong>Cachexia </strong>(kah-KEK-se-ah): General ill health (muscle wasting and weight loss) associated with severe, chronic disease, such as cancer.</p><p><strong>Caffeine </strong>(kaf-een): Central nervous system stimulant.</p><p><strong>Calcaneal </strong>(kal-KA-ne-al): Pertaining to the calcaneus (heel bone).</p><p><strong>Calcaneus </strong>(kal-KA-ne-us): Heel bone.</p><p><strong>Calciferol </strong>(kal-SIF-er-ol): Active form of vitamin D secreted by the kidneys.</p><p><strong>Calcitonin </strong>(kal-sih-TO-nin): Hormone secreted by the thyroid gland; lowers calcium levels in the blood.</p><p><strong>Calcium </strong>(KAL-se-um): One of the mineral constituents of bone.</p><p><strong>Calcium channel blocker</strong> (KAL-se-um CHAN-el BLOK-er): Cardiovascular drug used to treat chest pain (angina) and high blood pressure (hypertension).</p><p><strong>Caliceal </strong>(ka-lih-SE-al): Pertaining to a calyx (cup-like collecting region of the renal pelvis).</p><p><strong>Caliectasis </strong>(ka-le-EK-tah-sis): Dilation or widening of a calyx. This occurs when urine is backed up in the kidney as in hydronephrosis.</p><p><strong>Callus </strong>(KAL-us): Hard, thickened area of skin occurring in areas of the body exposed to friction or pressure.</p><p><strong>Calyx; <em>pl</em>. calyces </strong>(KA-liks; KA-lih-seez): Cup-like collecting region of the renal pelvis (central section of the kidney).</p><p><strong>Cancellous bone</strong> (KAN-sel-us bone): Spongy, porous bone tissue in the inner part of a bone.</p><p><strong>Canine teeth</strong> (KA-nine teeth): Pointed dog-like (canine means dog) teeth next to the incisors.</p><p><strong>Cannabis </strong>(KAN-ah-bis): Plant substance from which marijuana is obtained.</p><p><strong>Capillary </strong>(KAP-ih-lair-e): Smallest type of blood vessel.</p><p><strong>Carbon dioxide </strong>(KAR-bon di-OX-ide): Gas produced in tissue cells when oxygen and food combine; exhaled through the lungs.</p><p><strong>Carcinogenesis </strong>(kar-sih-no-JEN-eh-sis): Formation or production of cancer.</p><p><strong>Carcinogenic </strong>(kar-sih-no-JEN-ik): Pertaining to producing cancer.</p><p><strong>Carcinogens </strong>(kar-SIH-no-jenz): Substances that produces cancer.</p><p><strong>Carcinoma </strong>(kar-sih-NO-mah): Cancerous (malignant) tumor. </p><p><strong>Carcinoma in situ</strong> (kar-sih-NO-mah in SI-tu): Early, localized form of cancer, confined to its site of origin.</p><p><strong>Cardiac </strong>(KAR-de-ak): Pertaining to the heart.</p><p><strong>Cardiac arrest</strong> (KAR-de-ak ah-REST): Sudden, unexpected stoppage of the heart; sudden cardiac death.</p><p><strong>Cardiac biomarkers</strong> (KAR-de-ak BI-o-mar-kerz): Chemicals are measured in the blood as evidence of a heart attack.</p><p><strong>Cardiac catheterization</strong> (KAR-de-ak kath-eh-ter-ih-ZA-shun): Thin, flexible tube is guided into the heart via a vein or an artery and after contrast material is introduced, blood pressure is measured, and x-rays taken to image patterns of blood flow.</p><p><strong>Cardiac glycoside</strong> (KAR-de-ak GLI-ko-side): Drug that treats heart failure by increasing the force of contraction of the heart; digoxin is an example.</p><p><strong>Cardiac MRI</strong> (KAR-de-ak MRI): Images of the heart are produced with magnetic waves.</p><p><strong>Cardiac tamponade</strong> (KAR-de-ak tam-po-NADE): Pressure on the heart caused by fluid in the pericardial space.</p><p><strong>Cardiogenic shock </strong>(kar-de-o-JEN-ik shok): Circulatory failure due to poor heart function.</p><p><strong>Cardiology </strong>(kar-de-OL-o-je): Study of the heart.</p><p><strong>Cardiomegaly </strong>(kar-de-o-MEG-ah-le): Enlargement of the heart.</p><p><strong>Cardiomyopathy </strong>(kar-de-o-mi-OP-ah-the): Disease of heart muscle.</p><p><strong>Cardiovascular drug</strong> (kar-de-o-VAS-ku-lar drug): Drug that treats the heart and blood vessels; ACE inhibitors, diuretics, beta blockers, and calcium channel blockers.</p><p><strong>Cardioversion </strong>(kar-de-o-VER-zhun): Treatment for serious arrhythmias using brief discharges of electricity to shock the heart so that a normal rhythm can begin; defibrillation.</p><p><strong>Carpal tunnel syndrome </strong>(KAR-pal TUN-nel SIN-drohm): Compression (by a wrist ligament) of the median nerve as it passes through bones and tendons of the wrist.</p><p><strong>Carpals </strong>(KAR-palz): Bones of the wrist.</p><p><strong>Cartilage </strong>(KAR-tih-lij): Flexible, connective tissue often attached to bones at joints (articular cartilage).</p><p><strong>Castration </strong>(kas-TRA-shun): Removal of sex glands (gonads); ovaries or testes.</p><p><strong>Catabolism </strong>(kah-TAB-o-liz-im): Cellular process of breaking down complex nutrients to simpler substances; energy is released to do the work of the cell.</p><p><strong>Cataract </strong>(KAT-ah-rakt): Clouding of the lens, causing decreased vision.</p><p><strong>Catatonia </strong>(kat-ah-TO-ne-ah): Immobility, muscular rigidity, and mutism induced by a psychologic disorder such as schizophrenia.</p><p><strong>Catecholamines </strong>(kat-ek-OHL-am-eenz): Hormones secreted by the adrenal medulla; epinephrine (adrenaline) is an example.</p><p><strong>Cathartic </strong>(kah-THAR-tik): Drug that relieves constipation.</p><p><strong>Catheter </strong>(KATH-et-er): Tube for injecting or removing fluids.</p><p><strong>Catheter ablation</strong> (KATH-eh-ter ab-LA-shun): Brief delivery of radiofrequency energy to destroy areas of heart tissue that may be causing arrhythmias.</p><p><strong>Cauda equina</strong> (KAW-dah eh-KWI-nah): Collection of spinal nerves below the end of the spinal cord.</p><p><strong>Causalgia </strong>(kaw-ZAL-jah): Intense burning pain, often resulting from injury to a peripheral nerve.</p><p><strong>Cauterization </strong>(kaw-ter-ih-ZA-shun): Destruction of tissue by burning.</p><p><strong>CD4+ cell </strong>(CD4 POS-ih-tiv sel): Helper T-cells that carry the CD4+ protein antigen on their surface.</p><p><strong>Ceasarean section </strong>(se-ZAIR-e-an SEK-shun): Surgical incision of the abdominal wall and uterus to deliver a fetus.</p><p><strong>Cecal </strong>(SE-kal): Pertaining to the cecum, which is the first part of the large intestine (colon).</p><p><strong>Cecal volvulus </strong>(SE-kal VOL-vu-lus): Abnormal twisting of the cecum (first part of the colon).</p><p><strong>Cecum </strong>(SE-kum): First part of the large intestine (colon).</p><p><strong>Celiac </strong>(SE-le-ak): Pertaining to the abdomen.</p><p><strong>Celiac disease </strong>(SE-le-ak dih-ZEEZ): Autoimmune disorder in which villi in the lining of the small intestine are damaged, resulting from dietary glutens, such as wheat, barley, and rye.</p><p><strong>Cell body </strong>(sel BOD-e): Part of the nerve cell (neuron) that contains the nucleus.</p><p><strong>Cell membrane </strong>(sel MEM-brayn): Structure surrounding and protecting the cell; allows materials to pass in and out.</p><p><strong>Cell-mediated immunity</strong> (sel me-de-A-ted ih-MU-nit-e): T cells (cytotoxic, helper and suppressor) respond to antigens and destroy them; a type of adaptive immunity.</p><p><strong>Cellulitis </strong>(sel-u-LI-tis): Diffuse, acute inflammatory infection of the skin marked by local heat, redness, pain and swelling.</p><p><strong>Central nervous system</strong> (SEN-tral NER-vus SIS-tem): Brain and spinal cord.</p><p><strong>Cephalgia </strong>(seh-FAL-jah): Head pain; headache.</p><p><strong>Cephalic </strong>(seh-FAH-lik): Pertaining to the head.</p><p><strong>Cephalic version </strong>(seh-FAH-lik VER-zhun): Procedure for turning the fetus so that its head is the presenting part to enter the birth canal first.</p><p><strong>Cerebellar </strong>(seh-reh-BEL-ar): Pertaining to the cerebellum.</p><p><strong>Cerebellopontine </strong>(seh-reh-bel-o-PON-teen): Pertaining to the cerebellum and pons.</p><p><strong>Cerebellum </strong>(seh-reh-BEL-um): Posterior part of the brain that coordinates muscle movements and maintains balance.</p><p><strong>Cerebral</strong> (seh-RE-bral): Pertaining to the cerebrum (largest part of the brain).</p><p><strong>Cerebral angiography </strong>(seh-RE-bral an-je-OG-rah-fe): X-ray record of blood vessels in the brain after intravenous injection of contrast material.</p><p><strong>Cerebral concussion</strong> (seh-RE-bral kon-KUSH-un): Type of traumatic brain injury caused by a blow to the head.</p><p><strong>Cerebral contusion</strong> (seh-RE-bral kon-TU-shun): Bruising of brain tissue resulting from direct trauma to the head.</p><p><strong>Cerebral cortex</strong> (seh-RE-bral KOR-teks): Outer region of the cerebrum.</p><p><strong>Cerebral hemorrhage</strong> (seh-RE-bral HEM-or-ij): Bursting of an artery in the brain.</p><p><strong>Cerebral palsy </strong>(seh-RE-bral PAWL-ze): Partial paralysis and lack of muscular coordination due to decreased oxygen to a fetus during pregnancy or to the infant shortly after birth.</p><p><strong>Cerebrospinal fluid</strong> (seh-re-bro-SPI-nal FLU-id): Clear, watery fluid that circulates throughout the brain and spinal cord.</p><p><strong>Cerebrospinal fluid analysis</strong> (seh-re-bro-SPI-nal FLU-id ah-NAH-lih-sis): Samples of cerebrospinal fluid are examined for blood cells, protein, glucose, tumor cells, bacteria, and other substances.</p><p><strong>Cerebrovascular accident</strong> (seh-re-bro-VAS-cu-lar AK-sih-dent): Disruption of the normal blood supply to the brain; a stroke or CVA.</p><p><strong>Cerebrum </strong>(seh-RE-brum): Largest part of the brain; responsible for voluntary muscular activity, vision, speech, taste, hearing, thought and memory, among other functions.</p><p><strong>Cerumen </strong>(seh-RU-men): Waxy substance secreted by the external ear; earwax.</p><p><strong>Cervical </strong>(SER-vih-kul): Pertaining to the neck of the body or neck-like lower portion of the uterus.</p><p><strong>Cervical cancer </strong>(SER-vih-kul KAN-ser): Malignant cells within the cervix; carcinoma of the cervix.</p><p><strong>Cervical dysplasia </strong>(SER-vih-kul dis-PLA-ze-ah): Abnormal cell growth within the cervix.</p><p><strong>Cervical nodes </strong>(SER-vih-kul nodes): Lymph nodes in the neck.</p><p><strong>Cervical vertebrae </strong>(SER-vih-kul VER-teh-bray): Seven backbones in the neck.</p><p><strong>Cervicitis </strong>(ser-vih-SI-tis): Inflammation of the cervix.</p><p><strong>Cervix </strong>(SER-viks): Neck-like, lower portion of the uterus.</p><p><strong>Chalazion </strong>(kah-LA-ze-on): Small, hard, cystic mass (granuloma) on the eyelid.</p><p><strong>Chancre </strong>(SHANK-er): Genital ulcer commonly formed during the primary stage of syphilis in males and females.</p><p><strong>Cheilosis </strong>(ki-LO-sis): Abnormal condition of the lip.</p><p><strong>Chemical name</strong> (KEM-ik-al name): Chemical formula for a drug.</p><p><strong>Chemotherapy (</strong>ke-mo-THER-ah-pe): Treatment using drugs.</p><p><strong>Chlamydia</strong> (klah-MID-e-ah): Bacterial infection (by Chlamydia trachomatis) of the urethra and reproductive tract in men and women.</p><p><strong>Cholangiectasis </strong>(ko-lan-je-EK-tah-sis): Abnormal widening or dilation of a bile vessel (bile duct).</p><p><strong>Cholangiocarcinoma </strong>(ko-lan-je-o-kar-sih-NO-mah): Malignant tumor of bile vessels (bile ducts).</p><p><strong>Cholangiography </strong>(ko-lan-je-OG-rah-fe): X-ray recording of the biliary system performed after injection of contrast into the bile ducts.</p><p><strong>Cholangiopancreatography </strong>(ko-lan-je-o-pan-kre-uh-TOG-rah-fe): X-ray recording of bile vessels (ducts): and the pancreas after administration of contrast material directly into bile and pancreatic ducts.</p><p><strong>Cholangitis </strong>(ko-lan-JI-tis): Inflammation of bile vessels (bile ducts).</p><p><strong>Cholecystectomy </strong>(ko-le-sis-TEK-to-me): Removal (excision, resection) of the gallbladder.</p><p><strong>Cholecystojejunostomy </strong>(ko-le-sis-to-jeh-jun-NOS-to-me): Formation of a new opening between the gallbladder and the jejunum (second part of the small intestine); an anastomosis.</p><p><strong>Cholecystolithiasis </strong>(ko-le-sis-to-lih-THI-ah-sis): Abnormal condition of stones in the gallbladder.</p><p><strong>Choledochal </strong>(ko-le-DOK-al): Pertaining to the common bile duct.</p><p><strong>Choledochectasia </strong>(ko-le-dok-ek-TA-ze-ah): Dilation of the common bile duct.</p><p><strong>Choledochojejunostomy </strong>(ko-leh-do-ko-jeh-ju-NOS-to-me): Surgical anastomosis (creation of a new opening) between the common bile duct and the jejunum.</p><p><strong>Choledocholithiasis </strong>(ko-leh-do-ko-lih-THI-ah-sis): Abnormal condition of stones in the common bile duct.</p><p><strong>Choledochotomy </strong>(ko-leh-do-KOT-o-me): Incision of the common bile duct.</p><p><strong>Cholelithiasis </strong>(ko-le-lih-THI-ah-sis): Abnormal condition of stones in the gallbladder; gallstones.</p><p><strong>Cholestasis </strong>(ko-le-STA-sis): Stoppage of bile flow.</p><p><strong>Cholesteatoma </strong>(ko-le-ste-ah-TO-mah): Collection of skin cells and cholesterol in a sac within the middle ear.</p><p><strong>Cholesterol-binding drug</strong> (ko-LES-ter-ole BIN-ding drug): Binds to dietary cholesterol and prevents its uptake from the gastrointestinal tract.</p><p><strong>Cholesterol-lowering drug</strong> (ko-LES-ter-ole LO-wer-ing drug): Lowers cholesterol by preventing its production by the liver; statin.</p><p><strong>Chondrocostal </strong>(kon-dro-KOS-tal): Pertaining to cartilage that is attached to the ribs.</p><p><strong>Chondroma </strong>(kon-DRO-mah): Tumor of cartilage; benign (non-cancerous).</p><p><strong>Chondromalacia </strong>(kon-dro-mah-LA-shah): Softening of cartilage.</p><p><strong>Chondrosarcoma </strong>(kon-dro-sar-KO-mah): Malignant (cancerous) tumor of cartilage. The root sarc indicates the malignant tumor arises from a type of flesh or connective tissue.</p><p><strong>Choriocarcinoma </strong>(ko-re-o-kar-sih-NO-mah): Malignant tumor of the placenta.</p><p><strong>Chorion </strong>(KOR-e-on): Outermost membrane surrounding the developing fetus. It forms the fetal part of the placenta.</p><p><strong>Chorionic </strong>(kor-e-ON-ik): Pertaining to the chorion.</p><p><strong>Chorionic villus sampling</strong> (ko-re-ON-ik VIL-us SAMP-ling): Sampling of placental tissues (chorionic villi) for prenatal diagnosis; CVS.</p><p><strong>Choroid </strong>(KOR-oyd): Middle, vascular layer of the eye, between the retina and the sclera.</p><p><strong>Chromosome </strong>(KRO-mo-sohm): Rod-shaped structure in the nucleus of a cell; contains genetic material (DNA).</p><p><strong>Chronic </strong>(KRON-ik): Pertaining to occurring over a long time.</p><p><strong>Chronic bronchitis</strong> (KRON-ik brong-KI-tis): Inflammation of the bronchi persisting over a long period of time.</p><p><strong>Chronic lymphoid leukemia</strong> (KRON-ik LIM-foyd lu-KE-me-ah): Type of leukemia in which abnormal numbers of relatively mature lymphocytes predominate in the bone marrow, lymph nodes, and spleen.</p><p><strong>Chronic myeloid leukemia</strong> (KRON-ik MI-eh-loyd lu-KE-me-ah): Type of leukemia in which both mature and immature granulocytes are present in large numbers in the bone marrow and blood.</p><p><strong>Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease</strong> (KRON-ik ob-STRUK-tiv PUL-mo-NAIR-e dih-ZEEZ): Lung and bronchial tube conditions that block and damage airways and persist over a long period of time. Examples are chronic bronchitis and emphysema.</p><p><strong>Cicatrix </strong>(SIK-ah-triks): Scar tissue.</p><p><strong>Cilia </strong>(SIL-e-ah): Thin hairs that are attached to the mucous membrane epithelium lining passageways in the body. Cilia found in respiratory tract and in fallopian tubes of females.</p><p><strong>Ciliary body </strong>(SIL-e-air-e BOD-e): Structure surrounding the lens that connects the iris to the choroid. It contains ciliary muscles, which control the shape of the lens, and it secretes aqueous humor.</p><p><strong>Circumcision </strong>(sir-kum-SIZH-un): Surgical removal of the foreskin (prepuce) surrounding the end of penis.</p><p><strong>Cirrhosis </strong>(sir-RO-sis): Chronic, degenerative disease of the liver.</p><p><strong>Claudication </strong>(klaw-deh-KA-shun): Pain, tension, and weakness in a leg after walking has begun, but absence of pain at rest.</p><p><strong>Claustrophobia </strong>(klaws-tro-FO-be-ah): Fear of closed-in places.</p><p><strong>Clavicle </strong>(KLAV-ih-kul): Collar bone.</p><p><strong>Clitoris </strong>(KLIH-tor-is): Organ of sensitive erectile tissue anterior to the opening of the female urethra.</p><p><strong>Coagulation </strong>(ko-ag-u-LA-shun): Process of blood clotting.</p><p><strong>Coagulopathy </strong>(ko-ag-u-LOP-ah-the): Disease of blood clotting.</p><p><strong>Coarctation</strong> <strong>of the aorta</strong> (ko-ark-TA-shun of the a-OR-tah): Congenital anomaly in which a portion of the aorta near the heart is narrowed.</p><p><strong>Coccygeal </strong>(kok-sih-JE-al): Pertaining to the tailbone or coccyx.</p><p><strong>Coccyx </strong>(KOK-siks): Tailbone.</p><p><strong>Cochlea </strong>(KOK-le-ah): Snail-shaped, spirally wound tube in the inner ear; contains hearing- sensitive receptor cells.</p><p><strong>Cochlear </strong>(KOK-le-ar): Pertaining to the cochlea.</p><p><strong>Cognitive behavioral therapy</strong> (KOG-nit-iv be-HAYV-yor-al THER-ah-pe): Changing behavior patterns and responses by training and repetition and learning how thinking patterns cause symptoms, such as anger, anxiety, and depression.</p><p><strong>Coitus </strong>(KO-it-us): Sexual intercourse.</p><p><strong>Colectomy </strong>(ko-LEK-to-me): Surgical removal (excision) of the colon.</p><p><strong>Collagen </strong>(KOL-ah-jen): Dense, connective tissue protein strands found in bone and other tissues such as ligaments, tendons, and skin.</p><p><strong>Colon </strong>(KO-lon): Large intestine.</p><p><strong>Colonic </strong>(ko-LON-ik): Pertaining to the colon.</p><p><strong>Colonic polyps</strong> (ko-LON-ik POL-ips): Benign growths protruding from the mucous membrane of the colon.</p><p><strong>Colonoscopy </strong>(ko-lon-OS-ko-pe): Visual (endoscopic): examination of the colon.</p><p><strong>Colony-stimulating factor </strong>(KOL-o-ne STIM-u-la-ting FAK-tor): Protein factor that stimulates the growth and differentiation of developing blood cells. Examples are granulocyte CSF, erythropoietin, and thrombopoietin.</p><p><strong>Colorectal cancer</strong> (ko-lo-REK-tal KAN-ser): Adenocarcinoma of the colon or the rectum or both.</p><p><strong>Colostomy </strong>(ko-LOS-to-me): New opening of the colon through the abdominal wall to the outside of the body.</p><p><strong>Colposcopy </strong>(kol-POS-ko-pe): Visual examination of the vagina using an endoscope (colposcope).</p><p><strong>Coma </strong>(KO-mah): State of unconsciousness from which a patient cannot be aroused.</p><p><strong>Comatose </strong>(KO-mah-tohs): Pertaining to a coma.</p><p><strong>Combination chemotherapy</strong> (KOM-bih-NA-shun ke-mo-THER-ah-pe): Use of multiple chemotherapeutic agents together for treatment of tumors.</p><p><strong>Comedo;<em> pl</em>. comedones</strong> (KO-me-do; ko-me-DOHNZ): Clogged hair follicle (pore) in the skin; blackhead (open comedo) or whitehead (closed comedo).</p><p><strong>Common bile duct</strong> (KOM-on bile dukt): Tube carrying bile from the liver and gallbladder into the duodenum (first part of the small intestine):.</p><p><strong>Compact bone </strong>(KOM-pakt bone): Hard, dense bone tissue, forming the outer portion of bones.</p><p><strong>Complement system</strong> (COM-pleh-ment SIS-tem): Set of proteins in the blood that help antibodies kill their target; part of the immune system.</p><p><strong>Complete blood count </strong>(kom-PLEET blood kownt): Determination of the number of all blood cells; white blood cells, red blood cells, and platelets.</p><p><strong>Compulsion </strong>(kom-PUL-shun): Uncontrollable urge to perform an act repeatedly in an attempt to reduce anxiety.</p><p><strong>Computed tomography</strong> (kom-PU-ted to-MOG-rah-fe): Cross-sectional x-ray imaging of an organ with or without contrast material.</p><p><strong>Computerized tomography angiography</strong> (kom-PU-ted to-MOG-rah-fe an-je-OG-rah-fe): Computed tomography technique to visualize arterial and venous vessels throughout the body.</p><p><strong>Cone </strong>(kone): Photoreceptor cell in the retina that transforms light energy into a nerve impulse. Cones are responsible for color and central vision.</p><p><strong>Congenital anomaly </strong>(con-JEN-it-al ah-NOM-ah-le): Abnormality present at birth; birth defect.</p><p><strong>Congenital heart disease</strong> (kon-JEN-ih-tal hart dih-ZEEZ): Structural heart defects that appear at birth.</p><p><strong>Congestive heart failure </strong>(kon-JES-tiv hart FAIL-yur): Heart is unable to pump its required amount of blood.</p><p><strong>Conization </strong>(ko-nih-ZA-shun): Removal of a cone-shaped section (cone biopsy) of the cervix.</p><p><strong>Conjunctiva </strong>(kon-junk-TI-vah): Delicate membrane lining the eyelids and covering the eyeball up to the cornea.</p><p><strong>Conjunctivitis </strong>(kon-junk-tih-VI-tis): Inflammation of the conjunctiva.</p><p><strong>Connective tissue</strong> (kon-NEK-tiv TIH-shu): Tissue that supports and binds other tissues and parts. Examples are bone, cartilage, muscle, fat, and fibrous tissues.</p><p><strong>Constipation </strong>(con-stih-PA-shun): Difficulty in passing (eliminating) feces (stool).</p><p><strong>Contraindication </strong>(kon-trah-in-dih-KA-shun): Factor that indicates against the administration of a drug or procedure in the care of a patient.</p><p><strong>Contralateral </strong>(kon-trah-LAT-er-al): Affecting the opposite side of a part of the body.</p><p><strong>Contrast studies </strong>(KON-trast STUD-eez): Radiopaque materials (contrast media) are injected to obtain contrast between tissues that would be indistinguishable from one another.</p><p><strong>Controlled substances</strong> (kon-TROLD SUB-stan-sez): Drugs that produce tolerance and dependence and have potential for abuse or addiction.</p><p><strong>Conversion disorder</strong> (kon-VER-zshun dis-OR-der): Physical symptoms appear with no organic basis and as a result of anxiety and inner conflict.</p><p><strong>Cor pulmonale</strong> (kor pul-mo-NAH-le): Enlargement of the right side of the heart due to lung disease.</p><p><strong>Core needle biopsy</strong> (core NE-del BI-op-se): Insertion of a needle into tissue to remove a core of cells to examine under a microscope.</p><p><strong>Cornea </strong>(KOR-ne-ah): Fibrous transparent layer of clear tissue that extends over the anterior portion of the eyeball.</p><p><strong>Corneal abrasion</strong> (KOR-ne-al ah-BRA-zhun): Superficial scratch on the cornea (front the eye).</p><p><strong>Corneoscleral </strong>(kor-ne-o-SKLER-al): Pertaining to the cornea and sclera (white of the eye).</p><p><strong>Coronary arteries</strong> (KOR-o-nair-e AR-teh-reez): Branches of the aorta bringing oxygen-rich blood to the heart muscle.</p><p><strong>Coronary artery bypass grafting </strong>(KOR-o-nair-e AR-teh-re BI-pas GRAF-ting): Arteries or veins are grafted onto coronary arteries to bypass blocked arteries and bring blood supply to the myocardium.</p><p><strong>Coronary artery disease</strong> (KOR-o-nair-e AR-teh-re dih-ZEEZ): Arteries that supply blood to the heart muscle become clogged and blocked with deposits of fatty material and cholesterol (plaque).</p><p><strong>Corpus luteum</strong> (KOR-pus LU-te-um): Empty ovarian follicle that secretes progesterone after release of the egg cell; literally means yellow (luteum) body (corpus).</p><p><strong>Cortex </strong>(KOR-teks): Outer region of an organ. The renal cortex is the outer region of the kidney.</p><p><strong>Cortical </strong>(KOR-tik-al): Pertaining to the cortex (outer region of an organ).</p><p><strong>Corticosteroids </strong>(kor-tik-o-STER-oydz): Hormones secreted by the adrenal cortex; cortisol and aldosterone are examples.</p><p><strong>Cortisol </strong>(KOR-tih-sole): Hormone secreted by the adrenal cortex; increases blood sugar. It is secreted in times of stress and has an anti-inflammatory effect.</p><p><strong>Cranial bones</strong> (KRA-ne-al bones): Bones of the skull; ethmoid, frontal, occipital, parietal, sphenoid, and temporal.</p><p><strong>Cranial cavity </strong>(KRA-ne-al KAV-ih-te): Space in the head containing the brain and surrounded by the skull.</p><p><strong>Cranial nerves </strong>(KRA-ne-al nervz): Nerves that carry messages to and from the brain; there are 12 pairs of cranial nerves.</p><p><strong>Craniotome </strong>(KRA-ne-o-tohm): Instrument to cut the skull (cranium).</p><p><strong>Craniotomy </strong>(kra-ne-OT-o-me): Incision of the skull.</p><p><strong>Creatinine </strong>(kre-AH-tih-neen): Nitrogenous waste excreted in urine; a product of muscle metabolism.</p><p><strong>Creatinine </strong>clearance (kre-AH-tih-neen KLE-ranz): Measurement of the rate at which creatinine is cleared from the blood by the kidney.</p><p><strong>Crepitus </strong>(KREP-ih-tus): Crackling sound produced when ends of bone rub against each other or against roughened cartilage.</p><p><strong>Cretinism </strong>(KRE-tin-izm): Hypothyroidism during infancy and childhood leading to a lack of normal physical and mental growth.</p><p><strong>Crohn disease</strong> (KROHN dih-ZEEZ): Chronic inflammation of the intestinal tract.</p><p><strong>Croup </strong>(kroop): Acute viral infection of infants and children with obstruction of the larynx, accompanied by barking cough and stridor.</p><p><strong>Crust </strong>(krust): Collection on the skin of dried sebum and cellular debris; scab.</p><p><strong>Cryogenic surgery </strong>(kri-o-GEN-ik SUR-jer-e): Use of extremely cold temperatures to freeze or destroy tissue.</p><p><strong>Cryosurgery </strong>(kri-o-SUR-jer-e): Use of subfreezing temperature to destroy tissue; cryocauterization.</p><p><strong>Cryptorchidism </strong>(kript-OR-kid-izm): One or both testes fail to descend into the scrotal sac near the time of birth.</p><p><strong>CT urography</strong> (CT u-ROG-rah-fe): X-ray images using computed tomography show multiple cross-sectional and other views of the kidney.</p><p><strong>Cul-de-sac </strong>(KUL-de-sak): Region in the lower abdomen, midway between the rectum and the uterus.</p><p><strong>Culdocentesis </strong>(kul-do-sen-TE-sis): Needle aspiration of fluid from the cul-de-sac.</p><p><strong>Curettage </strong>(ku-re-TAJ): Scraping of material from the skin or from the wall of a cavity.</p><p><strong>Cushing syndrome</strong> (KUSH-ing SIN-drohm): Group of symptoms produced by excess cortisol from the adrenal cortex; obesity, hyperglycemia, and excess fat deposition in the body. High levels of exogenous cortisol (cortisone administration) can produce similar results.</p><p><strong>Cuticle </strong>(KU-tih-kul): Band of epidermis at the base and sides of the nail plate.</p><p><strong>Cyanosis </strong>(si-ah-NO-sis): Abnormal condition of bluish coloration of the skin.</p><p><strong>Cycloplegic </strong>(si-klo-PLE-jik): Pertaining to paralysis of the ciliary muscles of the eye.</p><p><strong>Cyclothymia </strong>(si-klo-THI-me-ah): Patient experiences alternating states of depression and exhilaration; mild form of bipolar disorder.</p><p><strong>Cyst </strong>(sist): Thick-walled, closed sac or pouch containing fluid or semisolid material.</p><p><strong>Cystectomy </strong>(sis-TEK-to-me): Excision (removal) of the urinary bladder.</p><p><strong>Cystic fibrosis</strong> (SIS-tik fi-BRO-sis): Inherited disorder of exocrine glands resulting in thick mucinous secretions in the respiratory tract that do not drain normally.</p><p><strong>Cystic tumor</strong> (SIS-tik TU-mor): Tumor that forms large open spaces filled with fluid.</p><p><strong>Cystitis </strong>(sis-TI-tis): Inflammation of the urinary bladder.</p><p><strong>Cystocele </strong>(SIS-to-seel): Hernia of the urinary bladder.</p><p><strong>Cystoscopy </strong>(sis-TOS-ko-pe): Visual examination of the urinary bladder.</p><p><strong>Cystostomy </strong>(sis-TOS-to-me): New opening of the urinary bladder to the outside of the body.</p><p><strong>Cytogenetic analysis </strong>(si-to-jeh-NET-ik ah-NAH-leh-sis): Chromosomes of normal or tumor cells are examined for breaks, translocations, or deletions of DNA.</p><p><strong>Cytokines </strong>(SI-to-kines): Proteins secreted by cytotoxic T cells that aid in antigen destruction. Examples are interferons and interleukins.</p><p><strong>Cytology </strong>(si-TOL-o-je): Study of cells.</p><p><strong>Cytoplasm </strong>(SI-to-plaz-im): All of the material that is outside the nucleus and yet contained within the cell membrane.</p><p><strong>Cytotoxic T cell </strong>(si-to-TOK-sik T sel): Lymphocyte that directly kills antigens; called CD8+ T cell.</p>
			</div>

		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div><div class="block rendered">
		<div id="a5978b16-1324-4d18-8d38-50dd2da7d388" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			<div class="static__text--indent">
				<p><span style="color:#CA500F;"><strong>D</strong></span></p><p><strong>Dacryoadenitis </strong>(dak-re-o-ad-eh-NI-tis): Inflammation of tear glands.</p><p><strong>Deafness </strong>(DEF-nes): Loss of the ability to hear.</p><p><strong>Decalcification </strong>(de-kal-sif-ih-KA-shun): Loss of calcium from bones.</p><p><strong>Decubitus </strong>(deh-KU-bih-tus): Lying down; a lateral decubitus position is lying down one’s the side.</p><p><strong>Decubitus ulcer</strong> (de-KU-bih-tus UL-ser): Inflammation, sore, or ulcer in the skin over a bony part of the body; pressure ulcer; bedsore.</p><p><strong>Dedifferentiation </strong>(de-dif-er-en-she-A-shun): Loss of differentiation of cells; reversion to a more primitive, embryonic cell type.</p><p><strong>Deep </strong>(deep): Away from the surface of the body or an organ.</p><p><strong>Deep vein thrombosis</strong> (deep vayn throm-BO-sis): Blood clots form in a large vein, usually in the leg.</p><p><strong>Defecation </strong>(def-eh-KA-shun): Eliminating of wastes and undigested foods through the anus.</p><p><strong>Defense mechanism</strong> (de-FENS meh-kan-NIZM): Unconscious technique (coping mechanism) that a person uses to resolve or conceal conflicts and anxiety.</p><p><strong>Defibrillation </strong>(de-fib-rih-LA-shun): Brief discharges of electricity are applied across the chest to stop dysrhythmias (ventricular fibrillation).</p><p><strong>Deglutition </strong>(de-glu-TIH-shun): Swallowing.</p><p><strong>Dehydration </strong>(de-hi-DRA-shun): Excessive loss of water.</p><p><strong>Delirium </strong>(deh-LEER-e-um): Acute episodes of confused thinking, disorientation, agitation, and fearfulness. This usually is a reversible impairment.</p><p><strong>Delirium tremens</strong> (deh-LEER-e-um TRE-menz): Anxiety, confusion in thinking, and tremors associated with withdrawal from excessive and habitual use of alcohol.</p><p><strong>Delusion </strong>(deh-LU-zhun): Fixed, false belief that cannot be changed by logical reasoning or evidence.</p><p><strong>Dementia </strong>(de-MEN-she-ah): Mental decline and deterioration.</p><p><strong>Demyelination </strong>(de-mi-eh-lin-A-shun): Destruction of myelin on axons of nerve cells (as in multiple sclerosis).</p><p><strong>Dendrite </strong>(DEN-drite): Microscopic branching portion of a nerve cell; first part of the nerve cell to receive the nervous impulse.</p><p><strong>Dendritic cell </strong>(den-DRIH-tik sel): Antigen-presenting cell of the immune system; shows T and B cells what to attack.</p><p><strong>Dental caries</strong> (DEN-tal KAH-reez): Tooth decay.</p><p><strong>Dentalgia </strong>(den-TAL-jah): Pain in a tooth.</p><p><strong>Dentibuccal </strong>(den-tih-BUK-al): Pertaining to the teeth and cheek.</p><p><strong>Dentin </strong>(DEN-tin): Primary material found in teeth; surrounding the pulp and covered by enamel of the crown.</p><p><strong>Deoxygenated blood</strong> (de-OX-ih-jeh-NA-ted blud): Blood that is oxygen-poor.</p><p><strong>Deoxyribonucleic acid</strong> (de-ox-e-ri-bo-nu-KLE-ik AS-id): Genetic material (DNA) within the nucleus of a cell; controls cell division and protein synthesis.</p><p><strong>Dependence </strong>(de-PEND-ents): Prolonged use of a drug that may lead to physiologic need for its actions in the body.</p><p><strong>Dependent personality</strong> (de-PEN-dant per-son-AL-ih-te): Personality disorder marked by an excessive need to be taken care of and a pattern of submissive and clinging behavior.</p><p><strong>Depressive disorders </strong>(de-PRES-iv dis-OR-derz): Group of psychiatric disorders marked by the occurrence of one or more major depressive episodes without a history of mania or hypomania.</p><p><strong>Dermabrasion </strong>(der-mah-BRA-zhun): Treatment for removal of superficial scars or wrinkles on the skin using sandpaper-like material.</p><p><strong>Dermatitis </strong>(der-mah-TI-tis): Inflammation of the skin.</p><p><strong>Dermatologist </strong>(der-mah-TOL-o-jist): Specialist in the study (diagnosis and treatment) of skin disorders.</p><p><strong>Dermatology </strong>(der-mah-TOL-o-je): Study of the skin.</p><p><strong>Dermatophytosis </strong>(der-mah-to-fi-TO-sis): Fungal infection of the skin.</p><p><strong>Dermis </strong>(DER-mis): Middle layer of the skin.</p><p><strong>Dermoid </strong>cysts (DER-moyd sists): Benign ovarian sacs arising from immature egg cells in the ovary and containing a variety of cell types; benign cystic teratomas.</p><p><strong>Diabetes insipidus</strong> (di-ah-BE-teez in-SIP-ih-dus): Abnormal condition of inadequate secretion of antidiuretic hormone (ADH) from the pituitary gland. Patients experience polyuria (excessive urination) and polydipsia (excessive thirst).</p><p><strong>Diabetes mellitus</strong> (di-ah-BE-teez MEL-ih-tus): Lack of insulin secretion (Type 1) or improper utilization of insulin by cells (Type 2) leads to hyperglycemia, glycosuria, polyuria, and polydipsia.</p><p><strong>Diabetic retinopathy</strong> (di-ah-BEH-tik reh-tin-OP-ath-e): Disease of the retina caused by diabetes mellitus; microaneurysms, hemorrhages, dilation of retinal veins, and neovascularization (new blood vessels) in the retina.</p><p><strong>Diagnosis </strong>(di-ag-NO-sis): Complete knowledge of a patient’s condition.</p><p><strong>Dialysis </strong>(di-AL-ih-sis): Separation of nitrogenous wastes from the blood when the kidneys no longer function; hemodialysis and peritoneal dialysis are examples.</p><p><strong>Diameter </strong>(di-AM-eh-ter): Measurement through the center of a circle (for example the size of the opening of a blood vessel).</p><p><strong>Diaphoresis </strong>(di-ah-for-E-sis): Profuse sweating.</p><p><strong>Diaphragm </strong>(DI-ah-fram): Muscle separating the abdominal and thoracic cavities. The diaphragm moves up and down and aids in breathing.</p><p><strong>Diaphysis </strong>(di-AF-ih-sis): Shaft or mid-portion of a long bone.</p><p><strong>Diarrhea </strong>(di-ah-RE-ah): Frequent passage of loose, watery stools.</p><p><strong>Diastole </strong>(di-AS-to-le): Relaxation phase of the heartbeat.</p><p><strong>Differentiation </strong>(dif-er-en-she-A-shun): Specialization of cells from immature to mature forms.</p><p><strong>Diffuse </strong>(di-FUS): Spread over a wide area.</p><p><strong>Digestion </strong>(di-JEST-shun): Breakdown of complex foods to simpler forms.</p><p><strong>Digital rectal exam</strong> (DIJ-eh-tal REK-tal ek-ZAM): Finger palpation through the anus and rectum to examine the prostate gland.</p><p><strong>Digital subtraction angiography</strong> (DIJ-ih-tal sub-TRAK-shun an-je-OG-rah-fe): Video equipment, computer, and x-ray machine produce images of blood vessels before and after injecting contrast material.</p><p><strong>Digoxin </strong>(dih-JOK-sin): Drug that increases the strength and regularity of the heartbeat.</p><p><strong>Dilatation </strong>(dih-lah-TA-shun): Widening of a vessel or an opening.</p><p><strong>Dilation and curettage</strong> (di-LA-shun and kur-eh-TAZH): Widening the cervix and scraping off the endometrial lining of the uterus; D&amp;C.</p><p><strong>Diphtheria </strong>(dif-THE-re-ah): Acute infection of the throat and respiratory tract caused by diphtheria bacteria; characterized by formation of a thick membrane that obstructs the throat and breathing.</p><p><strong>Diplopia </strong>(dip-LO-pe-ah): Double vision.</p><p><strong>Disc </strong>(disc): Pad of cartilage between vertebrae.</p><p><strong>Discography </strong>(disc-OG-rah-fe): X-ray images of cervical or lumbar intervertebral discs after injection of contrast material into the interior of the disc.</p><p><strong>Dislocation </strong>(dis-lo-KA-shun): Displacement of a bone from its joint.</p><p><strong>Dissociative disorder</strong> (dih-SO-she-ah-tiv dis-OR-der): Group of psychiatric disorders marked by a breakdown in memory, identity, or perception. Examples are identity disorder and dissociative amnesia.</p><p><strong>Distal </strong>(DIS-tal): Far from the point of attachment to the trunk of the body or far from the beginning of a structure.</p><p><strong>Diuresis </strong>(di-u-RE-sis): Increased excretion of urine by the kidneys. A diuretic is an agent, such as tea, coffee or water, that increases diuresis.</p><p><strong>Diuretic </strong>(di-u-RET-ik): Drug that promotes or increases the production of urine (diuresis).</p><p><strong>Diverticula </strong>(di-ver-TIH-ku-lah): Small, pouch-like herniations through the muscular wall of a tubular organ such as the colon.</p><p><strong>Diverticulosis </strong>(di-ver-tih-ku-LO-sis): Abnormal outpouchings (diverticula) in the intestinal wall of the colon.</p><p><strong>Dopamine </strong>(DO-pah-meen): Neurotransmitter in the central nervous system; deficient in patients with Parkinson disease.</p><p><strong>Doppler ultrasound</strong> (DOP-ler UL-trah-sound): Method of focusing sound waves on blood vessels to measure blood flow.</p><p><strong>Dorsal </strong>(DOR-sal): Pertaining to the back, or posterior portion of the body.</p><p><strong>Dorsiflexion </strong>(dor-se-FLEK-shun): Decreasing the angle of the ankle joint so that the foot moves upward, toward the knee or ceiling.</p><p><strong>Dose </strong>(dose): Amount of drug administered, usually measured in milligrams.</p><p><strong>Down syndrome</strong> (Down SIN-drohm): Chromosomal abnormality (trisomy 21) that results in mental retardation, retarded growth, a flat face with a short nose, low-set ears, and slanted eyes.</p><p><strong>Duodenal </strong>(du-o-DE-nal): Pertaining to the duodenum.</p><p><strong>Duodenum</strong> (du-o-DE-num): First part of the small intestine.</p><p><strong>Dura mater</strong> (DUR-ah MAH-ter): Thick, outermost layer of the meninges surrounding the brain and spinal cord.</p><p><strong>Dwarfism</strong> (DWARF-izm): Short stature; height considerably below average. Congenital hyposecretion of growth hormone from the anterior pituitary gland may be a cause.</p><p><strong>Dyscrasia </strong>(dis-KRA-ze-ah): Blood disease.</p><p><strong>Dysentery </strong>(DIS-en-ter-e): Painful, inflamed intestines commonly caused by bacterial infection.</p><p><strong>Dyskinesia </strong>(dis-kih-NE-ze-ah): Impairment of the ability to perform voluntary movements.</p><p><strong>Dyslexia </strong>(dis-LEK-se-ah): Difficulty in reading, writing, and learning.</p><p><strong>Dysmenorrhea </strong>(dis-men-o-RE-ah): Painful, difficult menses (menstruation).</p><p><strong>Dyspareunia </strong>(dis-pah-RU-ne-ah): Painful sexual intercourse.</p><p><strong>Dyspepsia </strong>(dis-PEP-se-ah): Painful digestion; indigestion.</p><p><strong>Dysphagia</strong> (dis-FA-je-ah): Difficulty in swallowing.</p><p><strong>Dysphonia </strong>(dis-FO-ne-ah): Abnormal voice or sound produced when speaking.</p><p><strong>Dysphoria </strong>(dis-FOR-e-ah): Sadness, hopelessness, and depressive mood; feeling “low.”</p><p><strong>Dysplasia </strong>(dis-PLA-ze-ah): Condition of abnormal formation.</p><p><strong>Dysplastic </strong>(dis-PLAS-tik): Pertaining to abnormal formation or development of cells; not clearly malignant.</p><p><strong>Dysplastic nevi </strong>(dis-PLAS-tik NE-vi): Abnormal moles with irregular borders, indistinct margins, and mixed coloration; often precursors of malignant melanomas.</p><p><strong>Dyspnea </strong>(DISP-ne-ah): Difficult breathing.</p><p><strong>Dysrhythmia </strong>(dis-RITH-me-ah): Abnormal heart rhythm.</p><p><strong>Dysthymia </strong>(dis-THI-me-ah): Depressive episodes, but not of the same intensity or duration as major depression.</p><p><strong>Dystocia </strong>(dis-TO-se-ah): Difficult childbirth.</p><p><strong>Dystrophy </strong>(DIS-tro-fe): Condition of abnormal development.</p><p><strong>Dysuria </strong>(dis-U-re-a): Painful urination.</p>
			</div>

		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div><div class="block rendered">
		<div id="ca122f28-f4bd-4826-9fa6-4a28df4a0545" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			<div class="static__text--indent">
				<p><span style="color:#CA500F;"><strong>E</strong></span></p><p><strong>Ear thermometry </strong>(ear ther-MOM-eh-tre): Measurement of the temperature of the tympanic membrane by detection of infrared radiation from the eardrum.</p><p><strong>Ecchymosis; <em>pl</em>. ecchymoses </strong>(ek-ih-MO-sis; ek-ih-MO-seez): Bleeding into the skin; a bruise.</p><p><strong>Eccrine sweat gland</strong> (EK-rin swet gland): Major sweat gland in the skin.</p><p><strong>Echocardiography </strong>(ek-o-kar-de-OG-rah-fe): Sound waves are used to image the structure of the heart.</p><p><strong>Ectopic pregnancy</strong> (ek-TOP-ik PREG-nan-se): Pregnancy that is out of place (not in the uterus). A fallopian tube is the most common ectopic site.</p><p><strong>Eczema</strong> (EK-zem-ah): Chronic dermatitis of unknown etiology, marked by redness, blisters, scales, and scabs; atopic dermatitis.</p><p><strong>Edema </strong>(eh-DE-mah): Abnormal accumulation of fluid in tissue spaces.</p><p><strong>Efferent nerves</strong> (EH-fer-ent nervz): Carry messages away from the brain the spinal cord; motor nerves.</p><p><strong>Ego </strong>(E-go): Central, coordinating branch of the personality.</p><p><strong>Ejaculation </strong>(eh-jak-u-LA-shun): Ejection of sperm and fluid (semen) from the male urethra as a result of sexual stimulation.</p><p><strong>Ejaculatory duct</strong> (eh-JAK-u-lah-tor-e dukt): Tube through which semen enters the male urethra.</p><p><strong>Electrocardiogram </strong>(eh-lek-tro-KAR-de-o-gram): Record of the electricity within the heart.</p><p><strong>Electrocardiography </strong>(eh-lek-tro-kar-de-OG-rah-fe): Process of recording the electricity within the heart.</p><p><strong>Electrocauterization </strong>(eh-lek-tro-kaw-ter-eh-ZA-shun): Use of electricity to heat tissue during surgery to remove abnormal tissue growth.</p><p><strong>Electrocautery </strong>(eh-lek-tro-KAW-ter-e): Use of a needle or snare heated by electric current to destroy or burn tissue (removal of warts, polyps).</p><p><strong>Electroencephalograph</strong> (eh-lek-tro-en-SEF-al-o-graf): Instrument used to record the electricity in the brain.</p><p><strong>Electroconvulsive therapy (</strong>eh-lek-tro-kon-VUL-siv THER-ah-pe): Electric current produces a convulsive seizure to treat mood disorders (depression or the depressive phase of bipolar disorder); used in patients who are resistant to drug therapy or when rapid response is needed.</p><p><strong>Electrodesiccation </strong>(eh-lek-tro-deh-si-KA-shun): Destruction of tissue by burning with an electric spark.</p><p><strong>Electroencephalogram </strong>(eh-lek-tro-en-SEF-ah-lo-gram): Record of the electricity in the brain.</p><p><strong>Electroencephalography </strong>(eh-lek-tro-en-sef-al-OG-rah-fe): Process of recording the electricity in the brain.</p><p><strong>Electrolyte </strong>(eh-LEK-tro-lite): Chemical element that carries an electrical charge when dissolved in water. Examples are sodium (Na+), potassium (K+), and chloride (Cl-).</p><p><strong>Electromyography </strong>(eh-lek-tro-mi-OG-rah-fe): Recording the electrical activity of muscle tissue.</p><p><strong>Electron beam computed tomography</strong> (eh-LEK-tron beem kom-PU-ted to-MOG-rah-fe): Electron beams and CT identify calcium deposits in and around coronary arteries to diagnose early coronary artery disease.</p><p><strong>Electron beam</strong>s (eh-LEK-tron beemz): Low-energy beams of radiation for treatment of skin or surface tumors.</p><p><strong>Electrophoresis </strong>(eh-lek-tro-fo-RE-sis): Technique used to separate serum proteins by electrical charge and size.</p><p><strong>Elimination </strong>(e-lim-in-A-shun): Removal of materials from the body; in the digestive system, the removal of indigestible materials as feces.</p><p><strong>ELIZA </strong>(eh-LI-zah): Test to detect anti-HIV antibodies in blood. This is a screening test for AIDS.</p><p><strong>Embolus;<em> pl</em>. emboli</strong> (EM-bo-lus; EM-bo-li): Clot of material that travels through the bloodstream and suddenly blocks a vessel.</p><p><strong>Embryo </strong>(EM-bre-o): Stage in prenatal development from two to eight weeks.</p><p><strong>Embryonal carcinoma </strong>(em-bre-ON-al kar-sih-NO-mah): Type of testicular cancer.</p><p><strong>Emetic </strong>(eh-MET-ik): Drug that promotes vomiting.</p><p><strong>Emphysema </strong>(em-fi-ZE-mah): Hyperinflation of air sacs with destruction of alveolar walls.</p><p><strong>Empyema </strong>(em-pi-E-mah): Pus in the pleural space (cavity): surrounding the lungs; pyothorax.</p><p><strong>Emulsification </strong>(e-mul-sif-ik-A-shun): Breakdown of large fat globules into smaller, digestible particles.</p><p><strong>En bloc resection (</strong>en blok re-SEK-shun): Removal of a tumor with a large area of surrounding tissue containing lymph nodes.</p><p><strong>Enamel </strong>(e-NAM-el): Hard, outermost layer of a tooth.</p><p><strong>Encapsulated </strong>(en-KAP-su-la-ted): Surrounded by a capsule; benign tumors are encapsulated.</p><p><strong>Encephalitis</strong> (en-seh-fah-LI-tis): Inflammation of the brain.</p><p><strong>Encephalopathy </strong>(en-seh-fah-LOP-ath-e): Disease of the brain.</p><p><strong>Endarterectomy </strong>(en-dar-ter-EK-to-me): Surgical removal of plaque from the inner layer of an artery.</p><p><strong>Endemic goiter</strong> (em-DEM-ik GOY-ter): Enlargement of the thyroid gland due to lack of iodine in the diet.</p><p><strong>Endocarditis </strong>(en-do-kar-DI-tis): Inflammation of the endocardium (inner lining of the heart).</p><p><strong>Endocardium </strong>(en-do-KAR-de-um): Inner lining of the heart.</p><p><strong>Endocervicitis </strong>(en-do-ser-vih-SI-tis): Inflammation of the inner lining of the cervix (lower, neck-like portion of the uterus).</p><p><strong>Endocrine drug </strong>(EN-do-krin drug): Hormone or hormone-like drug; androgens, estrogens, and glucocorticoids.</p><p><strong>Endocrine glands</strong> (EN-do-krin glanz): Glands that secrete hormones within the body, directly into the bloodstream.</p><p><strong>Endocrinologist </strong>(en-do-crin-OL-o-jist): Medical specialist in the diagnosis and treatment of endocrine gland disorders.</p><p><strong>Endocrinology </strong>(en-do-krin-OL-o-je): Study of the endocrine glands.</p><p><strong>Endodontist </strong>(en-do-DON-tist): Dentist specializing in the inner parts of a tooth.</p><p><strong>Endolymph </strong>(EN-do-limf): Fluid within the labyrinth (canals): of the inner ear; conducts sound waves.</p><p><strong>Endometrial cancer</strong> (en-do-ME-tre-al KAN-ser): Malignant tumor of the uterine lining (adenocarcinoma); carcinoma of the endometrium.</p><p><strong>Endometriosis </strong>(en-do-me-tre-O-sis): Abnormal condition of endometrial tissue located outside the uterus.</p><p><strong>Endometritis </strong>(en-do-meh-TRI-tis): Inflammation of the inner lining of the uterus.</p><p><strong>Endometrium </strong>(en-do-ME-tre-um): Inner, mucous membrane lining of the uterus.</p><p><strong>Endoplasmic reticulum </strong>(en-do-PLAZ-mik reh-TIK-u-lum): Network of canals within the cytoplasm of the cell; site of protein synthesis.</p><p><strong>Endoscope </strong>(EN-do-skope): Instrument to visually examine the interior of the body.</p><p><strong>Endoscopic ultrasonography</strong> (en-do-SKOP-ik ul-trah-so-NOG-rah-fe): Use of an endoscope combined with ultrasound to examine the organs of the gastrointestinal tract.</p><p><strong>Endoscopy </strong>(en-DOS-ko-pe): Process of visual examination within the body.</p><p><strong>Endothelium </strong>(en-do-THE-le-um): Innermost lining of blood vessels.</p><p><strong>Endotracheal </strong>(en-do-TRA-ke-al): Pertaining to within the trachea.</p><p><strong>Endotracheal intubation </strong>(en-do-TRA-ke-al in-tu-BA-shun): Tube is placed through the mouth and throat into the trachea to establish an airway.</p><p><strong>Enteritis </strong>(en-teh-RI-tis): Inflammation of the small intestine.</p><p><strong>Enterocolitis </strong>(en-ter-o-ko-LI-tis): Inflammation of the small intestine and colon.</p><p><strong>Enteroenterostomy </strong>(en-ter-o-en-ter-OS-to-me): New opening between two previously unconnected parts of the small intestine.</p><p><strong>Enucleation </strong>(e-nu-kle-A-shun): Removal of the entire eyeball.</p><p><strong>Enuresis </strong>(en-u-RE-sis): Bedwetting; literally, “in urine.”</p><p><strong>Enzyme </strong>(EN-zime): Chemical that speeds up a reaction between substances.</p><p><strong>Eosinophil </strong>(e-o-SIH-no-fil): White blood cell (leukocyte) containing dark granules that stain rosy with eosin (a reddish dye); associated with allergic reactions.</p><p><strong>Eosinophilia </strong>(e-o-sih-no-FIL-e-ah): Increase in numbers of eosinophils in the bloodstream.</p><p><strong>Ependymal cell </strong>(eh-PEN-dih-mal sel): Glial cell that lines the membranes within the brain and spinal cord and helps form cerebrospinal fluid.</p><p><strong>Epidermis </strong>(ep-ih-DER-mis): Outer layer of the skin.</p><p><strong>Epidermoid </strong>(ep-ih-DER-moyd): Resembling epidermis or the outer layer of skin. Epidermoid tumors are composed of thin, plate-like cells.</p><p><strong>Epidermolysis </strong>(ep-ih-der-MOL-ih-sis): Loosening of outer layer of the skin with formation of large blisters (bullae).</p><p><strong>Epididymis</strong> (ep-ih-DIH-dih-mis): One of a pair of long, tightly coiled tubes lying on top of each testis. It carries sperm to the vas deferens.</p><p><strong>Epididymitis</strong> (ep-ih-dih-dih-MI-tis): Inflammation of an epididymis.</p><p><strong>Epidural hematoma </strong>(ep-eh-DU-ral he-mah-TO-mah): Collection of blood located above the dura mater.</p><p><strong>Epigastric </strong>(ep-ih-GAS-trik): Pertaining to above or upon the stomach.</p><p><strong>Epigastric region</strong> (ep-ih-GAS-trik re-jen): Middle upper abdominopelvic region (above the stomach).</p><p><strong>Epiglottis </strong>(ep-ih-GLOT-is): Lid-like piece of cartilage that covers the voice box and windpipe when a person is swallowing.</p><p><strong>Epiglottitis </strong>(ep-ih-glot-TI-tis): Inflammation of the epiglottis.</p><p><strong>Epilepsy </strong>(EP-ih-lep-se): Brain disorder marked by recurrent attacks (seizures) of abnormal nervous impulses.</p><p><strong>Epinephrine </strong>(ep-ih-NEF-rin): Hormone secreted by the adrenal gland in response to stress and physical injury; adrenaline. It is part of the body’s “fight or flight” reaction.</p><p><strong>Epiphyseal plate</strong> (ep-ih-FIZ-e-al plate): Cartilaginous area at the ends of long bones where lengthwise growth takes place in the immature skeleton.</p><p><strong>Epiphysis </strong>(eh-PIF-ih-sis): Each end of a long bone.</p><p><strong>Episiotomy </strong>(ep-is-e-OT-o-me): Incision of the vulva (perineum) to widen the opening of the vagina during a difficult childbirth.</p><p><strong>Epistaxis </strong>(ep-ih-STAX-is): Nosebleed.</p><p><strong>Epithelial cells</strong> (ep-ih-THE-le-al sels): Skin cells that cover the outside of the body and line the internal surfaces of organs: epithelium.</p><p><strong>Epithelium </strong>(ep-ih-THE-le-um): Layer of cells covering the external surface of the body and lining the hollow tubes within the body.</p><p><strong>Erectile dysfunction</strong> (e-REK-til dis-FUNK-shun): Inability of an adult male to achieve an erection; impotence.</p><p><strong>Erosion </strong>(eh-RO-zhun): Wearing away or loss of epidermis.</p><p><strong>Eructation </strong>(e-ruk-TA-shun): Gas expelled from the stomach through the mouth; belching or burping.</p><p><strong>Erythema </strong>(eh-rih-THE-mah): Condition of redness of the skin.</p><p><strong>Erythematous </strong>(eh-rih-THE-mah-tus): Pertaining to redness of the skin.</p><p><strong>Erythroblast </strong>(eh-RITH-ro-blast): Immature, developing red blood cell.</p><p><strong>Erythroblastosis </strong>fetalis (eh-rith-thro-blast-O-sis fe-TAL-is): Hemolytic disease of the newborn caused by a blood group (Rh factor) incompatibility between the mother and fetus.</p><p><strong>Erythrocyte </strong>(eh-RITH-ro-site): Red blood cell.</p><p><strong>Erythrocyte sedimentation rate</strong> (eh-RITH-ro-site sed-ih-men-TA-shun rate): Measures the time it takes for erythrocytes settle to the bottom of a test tube; useful in detection of inflammatory disorders such as rheumatoid arthritis.</p><p><strong>Erythromycin </strong>(eh-rith-ro-MI-sin): Antibiotic that is extracted from a red (erythr/o) mold (-mycin). </p><p><strong>Erythropenia </strong>(eh-rith-ro-PE-ne-a): Deficiency of red blood cells.</p><p><strong>Erythropoiesis</strong> (eh-rith-ro-poy-E-sis): Formation of red blood cells.</p><p><strong>Erythropoietin </strong>(eh-rith-ro-PO-eh-tin): Hormone secreted by the kidney to stimulate red blood cell production in bone marrow.</p><p><strong>Esophageal </strong>(eh-sof-ah-JE-al): Pertaining to the esophagus.</p><p><strong>Esophageal atresia </strong>(eh-sof-ah-JE-al a-TRE-ze-ah): Congenital absence of the normal opening from the esophagus to the stomach.</p><p><strong>Esophageal cancer </strong>(eh-sof-ah-JE-al KAN-ser): Malignant tumor of the esophagus.</p><p><strong>Esophageal varices</strong> (eh-sof-ah-JE-al VAR-ih-seez): Swollen, twisted veins at the lower end of the esophagus.</p><p><strong>Esophagus </strong>(eh-SOF-ah-gus): Tube that carries food from the pharynx (throat) to the stomach.</p><p><strong>Esotropia </strong>(es-o-TRO-pe-ah): Turning inward of one or both pupils; “cross eyes.”</p><p><strong>Essential hypertension </strong>(e-SEN-shul hi-per-TEN-shun): High blood pressure due to no apparent cause.</p><p><strong>Estradiol </strong>(es-trah-DI-ol): Estrogen (female hormone) secreted by the ovaries.</p><p><strong>Estrogen </strong>(ES-tro-jen): Female hormone produced by the ovaries; promotes secondary sex characteristics and supports reproductive tissues.</p><p><strong>Estrogenic </strong>(es-tro-JEN-ik): Pertaining to producing estrogen.</p><p><strong>Ethmoid bone</strong> (ETH-moyd bone): Thin, delicate bone that supports the nasal cavity and forms part of the orbits of the eye.</p><p><strong>Etiology </strong>(e-te-OL-o-je): Study of the cause of disease.</p><p><strong>Euphoria </strong>(u-FOR-e-ah): Exaggerated feeling of well-being; elevated mood, “high.”</p><p><strong>Eustachian tube </strong>(u-STA-shun toob): Channel between the middle ear and the throat; auditory tube.</p><p><strong>Euthymia </strong>(u-THI-e-ah): Normal, non-depressed, positive mood.</p><p><strong>Euthyroid </strong>(u-THI-royd): Normal thyroid function.</p><p><strong>Eversion </strong>(e-VER-zhun): Turning outward.</p><p><strong>Ewing sarcoma </strong>(U-wing sar-KO-mah): Rare malignant tumor arising in bone; most often occurring in children.</p><p><strong>Exanthematous viral disease</strong> (eg-zan-THEM-ah-tus VI-ral dih-ZEEZ): Rash (exanthem) of skin due to viral infection; measles (rubeola) and chicken pox (varicella) are examples.</p><p><strong>Excision </strong>(ek-SIZH-un): Process of cutting out; removal; resection.</p><p><strong>Excisional biopsy</strong> (ek-SIZH-un-al BI-op-se): Removal of tumor and a margin of normal tissue.</p><p><strong>Exenteration </strong>(eks-en-teh-RA-shun): Removal of all internal organs within a cavity, such the pelvis.</p><p><strong>Exfoliative cytology</strong> (eks-FO-le-a-tiv si-TOL-o-je): Cells are scraped from a region of suspected disease and examined under the microscope.</p><p><strong>Exhalation </strong>(ex-hal-A-shun): Process of breathing out; expiration.</p><p><strong>Exhibitionism </strong>(ek-sih-BISH-un-izm): Compulsive need to expose one’s body, particularly the genitals, to an unsuspecting stranger.</p><p><strong>Exocrine glands </strong>(EK-so-krin glanz): Glands that secrete chemicals to the outside of the body.</p><p><strong>Exophthalmometry </strong>(ek-sof-thal-MOM-eh-tre): Measurement of eyeball protrusion.</p><p><strong>Exophthalmos </strong>(ek-sof-THAL-mos): Protrusion of the eyeball; sign of hyperthyroidism.</p><p><strong>Exostosis </strong>(ek-sos-TO-sis): Bony growth (benign) arising from the surface of bone.</p><p><strong>Exotropia </strong>(ek-so-TRO-pe-ah): Turning to the side or outward of one or both pupils.</p><p><strong>Expectoration </strong>(ex-pek-tor-RA-shun): Coughing up of sputum (mucus) from the throat and respiratory tract.</p><p><strong>Expiration </strong>(ex-pih-RA-shun): Process of breathing out; exhalation.</p><p><strong>Extension </strong>(ek-STEN-shun): Increasing the angle between two bones; straightening out a limb.</p><p><strong>External beam radiation</strong> (eks-TER-nal beam ra-de-A-shun): Radiation applied to a tumor from a distant source, such a machine (linear accelerator).</p><p><strong>Extracorporeal circulation</strong> (eks-trah-kor-POR-e-al ser-ku-LA-shun): Use of a heart-lung machine to divert blood from the heart and lungs during open heart surgery.</p><p><strong>Exudate </strong>(EX-su-dayt): Fluid, cells, and other substance (pus) that filters from cells or capillaries oozes into lesions or areas of inflammation.</p>
			</div>

		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div><div class="block rendered">
		<div id="4b560459-abeb-4de5-9143-760204bd4689" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			<div class="static__text--indent">
				<p><span style="color:#CA500F;"><strong>F</strong></span></p><p><strong>Facial </strong>(FA-shul): Pertaining to the face.</p><p><strong>Facial bones </strong>(FA-shal bones): Bones of the face; lacrimal, mandibular, maxillary, nasal, vomer, and zygomatic bones.</p><p><strong>Fallopian tube</strong> (fah-LO-pe-an toob): One of a pair of ducts through which the ovum travels to the uterus; also called oviduct.</p><p><strong>Family therapy</strong> (FAM-il-e THER-ah-pe): Treatment of an entire family to resolve and understand their conflicts and problems.</p><p><strong>Fascia </strong>(FASH-e-ah): Fibrous membrane separating and enveloping muscle.</p><p><strong>Fasciotomy </strong>(fash-e-OT-to-me): Incision of fascia.</p><p><strong>Fasting plasma glucose</strong> (FAS-ting PLAS-mah GLU-kose): Measures circulating glucose level in a patient who has fasted at least 8 hours. Also known as fasting blood sugar test.</p><p><strong>Fatty acids</strong> (FAT-te AS-idz): Substances produced when fats are digested.</p><p><strong>Fecal transplant</strong> (fe-kal tranz-plant): Transfer of stool from a healthy donor into the gastrointestinal tract of a recipient. After transplant, normal stool bacteria populates the colon of the patient.</p><p><strong>Feces </strong>(FE-seez): Solid wastes; stools.</p><p><strong>Femoral </strong>(FEM-or-al): Pertaining to the femur.</p><p><strong>Femur </strong>(FE-mur): Thigh bone.</p><p><strong>Fertilization </strong>(fer-tih-lih-ZA-shun): Union of the egg (ovum) and sperm.</p><p><strong>Fetal monitoring</strong> (FE-tal MON-it-or-ing): Continuous recording of the fetal heart rate and maternal uterine contractions to assess fetal status and the progress of labor.</p><p><strong>Fetal presentation</strong> (FE-tal pres-en-TA-shun): Manner in which the fetus enters the birth canal.</p><p><strong>Fetishism </strong>(FET-ish-izm): Use of non-living objects, such as articles of clothing, as substitutes for a human sexual love object.</p><p><strong>Fetus</strong> (FE-tus): Stage in prenatal development from 8 weeks to birth.</p><p><strong>Fiberoptic colonoscopy</strong> (fi-ber-OP-tik ko-lon-OS-ko-pe): Visual examination of the colon using a fiberoptic instrument (endoscope).</p><p><strong>Fibrillation </strong>(fib-rih-LA-shun): Random, rapid, inefficient, and irregular contractions of the atria or ventricles.</p><p><strong>Fibrin </strong>(FI-brin): Protein threads that form the basis of a blood clot.</p><p><strong>Fibrinogen </strong>(fi-BRIN-o-jen): Plasma protein that is converted to fibrin in the clotting process.</p><p><strong>Fibrocystic</strong> breast disease (fi-bro-SIS-tik brest dih-ZEEZ): Numerous small sacs of fluid surrounded by dense strands of fibrous tissue in the breast.</p><p><strong>Fibroids </strong>(FI-broydz): Benign tumors of the uterus; leiomyomas.</p><p><strong>Fibromyalgia </strong>(fi-bro-mi-AL-jah): Chronic pain and stiffness in muscles and fibrous tissue, especially in the shoulders, neck, hips, and knees.</p><p><strong>Fibrosarcoma </strong>(fi-bro-sar-KO-mah): Malignant tumor of fibrous or connective tissue.</p><p><strong>Fibrosis </strong>(fi-BRO-sis): Abnormal condition (proliferation) of fibrous connective tissue; pulmonary fibrosis occurs in the lung as a side effect of radiation for lung cancer.</p><p><strong>Fibula </strong>(FIB-u-lah): Smaller of the two lower leg bones.</p><p><strong>Fibular </strong>(FIB-u-lar): Pertaining to the fibula.</p><p><strong>Filtration </strong>(fil-TRA-shun): Process by which some substances, but not all, pass through a filter or other type of material.</p><p><strong>Fimbriae </strong>(FIM-bre-e): Finger or fringe-like projections at the end of the fallopian tubes.</p><p><strong>Fine needle aspiratio</strong>n (fine NE-dil as-pih-RA-shun): Withdrawal of fluid or tissue from a cyst or solid mass by suction with a needle.</p><p><strong>Fissure </strong>(FISH-ur): Groove or crack-like sore.</p><p><strong>Flagellum </strong>(fla-JEL-um): Hair-like projection on a sperm cell that makes it motile.</p><p><strong>Flatus </strong>(FLA-tus): Gas expelled through the anus.</p><p><strong>Flexion </strong>(FLEK-shun): Decreasing the angle between two bones; bending a limb.</p><p><strong>Fluorescein angiography </strong>(flu-o-RES-e-in an-je-OG-rah-fe): Intravenous injection of fluorescein (a dye) followed by serial photographs of the retina through dilated pupils.</p><p><strong>Fluoroscopy </strong>(flu-ROS-ko-pe): Process of using x-rays to produce an image on a fluorescent screen.</p><p><strong>Flutter </strong>(FLUH-ter): Rapid, but regular contractions of the heart muscle, usually of the atria.</p><p><strong>Follicle-stimulating hormone</strong> (FOL-lik-il STIM-u-la-ting HOR-mone): Secreted by the pituitary gland to stimulate stimulate hormone secretion and egg production by the ovaries.</p><p><strong>Follicular </strong>(fo-LIK-u-lar): Pertaining to forming small, glandular sacs.</p><p><strong>Fontanelle </strong>(fon-tan-EL): Soft spot between skull bones of an infant.</p><p><strong>Foramen magnum</strong> (for-A-men MAG-num): Opening of the occipital bone through which the spinal cord passes.</p><p><strong>Fovea centralis </strong>(FO-ve-ah sen-TRAH-lis): Tiny pit or depression in the retina that is the region of clearest vision.</p><p><strong>Fractionation</strong> (frak-shah-NA-shun): Method of administering radiation treatment in small, repeated doses rather than in a few large doses.</p><p><strong>Fracture</strong> (FRAK-shur): Traumatic breaking of a bone.</p><p><strong>Fraternal twins</strong> (frah-TER-nal twinz): Two infants resulting from fertilization of two separate ova by two separate sperm cells.</p><p><strong>Free association </strong>(free ah-so-she-A-shun): Psychoanalytic technique in which a patient is encouraged to reveal thoughts one after another without censorship.</p><p><strong>Frontal bone </strong>(FRUN-tal bone): Skull bone that forms the forehead and bony sockets that contain the eyes.</p><p><strong>Frontal plane</strong> (FRUN-tal playn): Vertical plane dividing the body or structure into anterior and posterior portions; coronal plane.</p><p><strong>Fugue </strong>(fuge): Flight from customary surroundings; dissociative disorder.</p><p><strong>Fulguration </strong>(ful-gu-RA-shun): Destruction of tissue using electric sparks generated by a high- frequency current.</p><p><strong>Fundus of the eye</strong> (FUN-dus of the eye): Posterior, inner part of the eye; visualized with an ophthalmoscope.</p><p><strong>Fungal tests </strong>(FUNG-al tests): Scrapings from skin lesions, hair specimens, or nail clippings are sent to a laboratory for culture and microscopic identification of fungal infection.</p><p><strong>Fungating tumor</strong> (fun-GA-ting TU-mor): Gross description of tumor growth in which cells pile one on top of another and project from the tissue surface.</p>
			</div>

		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div><div class="block rendered">
		<div id="ae6b7689-15a3-47b9-af34-380c5f0e5723" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			<div class="static__text--indent">
				<p><span style="color:#CA500F;"><strong>G</strong></span></p><p><strong>Gait </strong>(gate): Manner of walking.</p><p><strong>Galactorrhea </strong>(gah-lak-to-RE-ah): Excessive or abnormal secretion of milk after breast-feeding has ended.</p><p><strong>Gallbladder </strong>(GAWL-blah-der): Small sac under the liver; stores bile.</p><p><strong>Gamete </strong>(GAM-eet): Reproductive cell (ovum or sperm).</p><p><strong>Gamma camera</strong> (GAM-ah KAM-er-ah): Machine to detect gamma rays given off by radiopharmaceuticals during scanning for diagnostic purposes.</p><p><strong>Gamma rays</strong> (GAM-ah rays): High-energy rays emitted by radioactive substances in tracer studies.</p><p><strong>Ganglion cyst </strong>(GANG-le-on sist): Fluid-filled sac arising from joint capsules or tendons; most common in the wrist.</p><p><strong>Ganglion; <em>pl</em>. ganglia </strong>(GANG-le-on): Collection of nerve cell bodies in the peripheral nervous system.</p><p><strong>Gangrene </strong>(gang-GREEN): Death of tissue associated with loss of blood supply.</p><p><strong>Gastrectomy </strong>(gas-TREK-to-me): Removal or excision of the stomach.</p><p><strong>Gastric </strong>(GAS-trik): Pertaining to the stomach.</p><p><strong>Gastric cancer </strong>(GAS-trik KAN-ser): Malignant tumor of the stomach.</p><p><strong>Gastroenteritis </strong>(gas-tro-en-teh-RI-tis): Inflammation of the stomach and intestines.</p><p><strong>Gastroenterology </strong>(gas-tro-en-teh-ROL-o-je): Study of the stomach and intestines.</p><p><strong>Gastroesophageal reflux disease: </strong>(gas-tro-eh-sof-ah-JE-al RE-flux dih-ZEEZ): Solids and fluids return to the mouth from the stomach; GERD.</p><p><strong>Gastrointestinal drug</strong> (gas-tro-in-TEST-tih-nal drug): Drug that treats conditions of the stomach and intestinal tract.</p><p><strong>Gastrointestinal endoscopy</strong> (gas-tro-in-TES-tih-nal en-DOS-ko-pe): Visual examination of the stomach and intestines (GI tract) using an endoscope; esophagogastroduodenoscopy, colonoscopy, and sigmoidoscopy.</p><p><strong>Gastrointestinal tract</strong> (gas-tro-in-TES-tih-nal trakt): Series of organs that carry food from the mouth to the anus.</p><p><strong>Gastrojejunostomy </strong>(gas-tro-jeh-ju-NOS-to-me): New surgical connection (anastomosis) between the stomach and the jejunum (second part of the small intestine).</p><p><strong>Gastroparesis</strong> (gas-tro-par-E-sis): Loss of motility of the stomach muscles, occurring as a long– term secondary complication of diabetes mellitus.</p><p><strong>Gastrorrhagia </strong>(gas-tro-RA-jah): Hemorrhage of blood (excessive bleeding) from the stomach.</p><p><strong>Gastrostomy </strong>(gas-TROS-to-me): New opening of the stomach through the abdominal wall to the outside of the body.</p><p><strong>Gastrotomy </strong>(gas-TROT-o-me): Incision of the stomach.</p><p><strong>Generic name</strong> (jeh-NER-ik name): Legal, non-commercial name for a drug.</p><p><strong>Genes </strong>(jeenz): Regions of DNA within each chromosome.</p><p><strong>Genetic screening</strong> (jeh-NET-ik SCRE-ning): Family members are tested to determine whether they have inherited a cancer-causing gene.</p><p><strong>Genitalia </strong>(jeh-nih-TA-le-ah): Reproductive organs (genitals).</p><p><strong>Gestation </strong>(jes-TA-shun): Time period from fertilization of the ovum to birth; pregnancy.</p><p><strong>Gigantism </strong>(JI-gan-tizm): Hypersecretion of growth hormone from the anterior pituitary gland before puberty, leading to abnormal overgrowth of body tissues.</p><p><strong>Gingivectomy</strong> (gin-gih-VEK-to-me): Removal of gum disease.</p><p><strong>Gingivitis </strong>(jin-jih-VIT-tis): Inflammation of gums.</p><p><strong>Glans penis</strong> (glanz PE-nis): Sensitive tip of the penis.</p><p><strong>Glaucoma </strong>(glaw-KO-mah): Increased intraocular pressure results in damage to the retina and optic nerve with loss of vision.</p><p><strong>Glial cell</strong> (GLE-al sel): Supportive and connective nerve cell that does not carry nervous impulses. Examples are astrocytes, microglial cells, ependymal cells, and oligodendrocytes. Glial cells can reproduce themselves, as opposed to neurons.</p><p><strong>Glioblastoma </strong>(gle-o-blah-STO-mah): Malignant brain tumor of immature glial cells.</p><p><strong>Globulin </strong>(GLOB-u-lin): Plasma protein; alpha, beta, and gamma (immune) globulins are examples.</p><p><strong>Glomerular capsule</strong> (glo-MER-u-lar KAP-sul): Cup-like structure that surrounds each glomerulus; collects the material that is filtered from the blood through the walls of the glomerulus.</p><p><strong>Glomerulonephritis </strong>(glo-mer-u-lo-nef-RI-tis): Inflammation of glomeruli in the kidney.</p><p><strong>Glomerulus; <em>pl</em>. glomeruli (</strong>glo-MER-u-lus; glo-MER-u-li): Tiny ball of capillaries (microscopic blood vessels) in the kidney. As blood flows through each glomerulus, waste materials and other substances are filtered from the bloodstream.</p><p><strong>Glossectomy </strong>(glos-EK-to-me): Removal of the tongue.</p><p><strong>Glottis </strong>(GLOT-is): Slit-like opening between the vocal cords of the larynx.</p><p><strong>Glucagon </strong>(GLU-kah-gon): Hormone secreted by the pancreas (alpha islet cells); increases blood glucose (sugar) by conversion of glycogen to glucose.</p><p><strong>Glucocorticoid </strong>(glu-ko-KOR-tih-koyd): Hormone from the adrenal cortex that raises blood sugar and reduces tissue inflammation.</p><p><strong>Gluconeogenesis </strong>(glu-ko-ne-o-JEN-eh-sis): Process of producing new sugar from fats and proteins; occurs mainly in the liver.</p><p><strong>Glucose </strong>(GLU-kohs): Simple sugar; necessary as a source of energy for body cells.</p><p><strong>Glucose tolerance test</strong> (GLU-kohs TOL-er-ants test): Measures the glucose levels in a blood sample taken at various intervals from a patient who has previously ingested glucose.</p><p><strong>Glycemic</strong> (gli-SE-mik): Pertaining to blood sugar.</p><p><strong>Glycogen </strong>(GLI-ko-jen): Storage form of glucose (sugar); produces glucose when it is broken down (glycogenolysis) in liver cells.</p><p><strong>Glycogenolysis </strong>(gli-ko-je-NOL-ih-sis): Breakdown of glycogen to release sugar.</p><p><strong>Glycosuria </strong>(gli-kohs-U-re-ah): Sugar in the urine.</p><p><strong>Goiter </strong>(GOY-ter): Enlargement of the thyroid gland.</p><p><strong>Gonad </strong>(GO-nad): Female or male reproductive organ that produces sex cells and hormones.</p><p><strong>Gonadotropin </strong>(go-nad-o-TRO-pin): Hormone secreted by the anterior lobe of the pituitary gland and acting on the ovaries or testes.</p><p><strong>Gonorrhea </strong>(gon-o-RE-ah): Sexually transmitted infection (STI) involving inflammation of genital tract mucosa, caused by infection with gonococci (berry-shaped bacteria).</p><p><strong>Gouty arthritis </strong>(GOW-te ar-THRI-tis): Inflammation and painful swelling in and around joints caused by the deposition of uric acid crystals.</p><p><strong>Grading of tumors </strong>(GRA-ding of TU-morz): Evaluating the microscopic appearance of tumor cells to determine their degree of malignant transformation.</p><p><strong>Granulocyte </strong>(GRAN-u-lo-site): White blood cell with cytoplasmic granules; neutrophil, eosinophil, and basophil.</p><p><strong>Granulocytopenia </strong>(gran-u-lo-si-to-PE-ne-ah): Deficiency of granulocytes.</p><p><strong>Granulocytosis </strong>(gran-u-lo-si-TO-sis): Increased numbers of granulocytes in the blood.</p><p><strong>Graves disease </strong>(GRAVZ dih-ZEEZ): Hyperfunctioning of the thyroid gland; thyrotoxicosis. This is the most common type of hyperthyroidism.</p><p><strong>Gray </strong>(gra): Unit of absorbed radiation dose.</p><p><strong>Group therapy</strong> (groop THER-ah-pe): Patients with similar problems gain insight into their personalities through discussion and interaction together.</p><p><strong>Growth hormone</strong> (growth HOR-mone): Secreted by the anterior lobe of the pituitary gland; somatotropin. It stimulates the growth of bones and soft tissues.</p><p><strong>Gynecologist </strong>(gi-neh-KOL-o-jist): Specialist in the study of disorders of the female reproductive system.</p><p><strong>Gynecology </strong>(gi-neh-KOL-o-je): Study of the disorders of the female reproductive system.</p><p><strong>Gynecomastia </strong>(gi-neh-ko-MAS-te-ah): Female-like breast enlargement in a male.</p><p><strong>Gyrus; <em>pl</em>. gyri</strong> (JI-rus; JI-re): Sheet of nerve cells that produces a rounded ridge on the surface of the cerebral cortex; convolution.</p>
			</div>

		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div><div class="block rendered">
		<div id="66c45972-a7bc-4f05-9cae-2cc8c803fc88" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			<div class="static__text--indent">
				<p><span style="color:#CA500F;"><strong>H</strong></span></p><p><strong>Hair follicle </strong>(hair FOL-ih-kul): Sac within which each hair grows.</p><p><strong>Half-life</strong> (HAF-life): Time required for a radioactive substance to lose half its radioactivity by disintegration.</p><p><strong>Hallucination </strong>(hah-lu-sih-NA-shun): False or unreal sensory perception; hearing voices and seeing things.</p><p><strong>Hallucinogen</strong> (hah-LU-sih-no-jen): Substance that produces hallucinations.</p><p><strong>Haversian canals </strong>(hah-VER-zhan kah-NALZ): Minute spaces filled with blood vessels; found in compact bone.</p><p><strong>Heart block</strong> (hart blok): Abnormal heart rhythm where the heart beats too slowly (bradycardia) because of interruption of electrical signals.</p><p><strong>Heart transplantation</strong> (hart tranz-plan-TA-shun): Donor heart is transferred to a recipient.</p><p><strong>Helper T cell</strong> (HEL-per T sel): Lymphocyte that aids B cells and stimulates T cells; CD4+ T cell.</p><p><strong>Hemarthrosis </strong>(hem-ar-THRO-sis): Condition of blood in a joint.</p><p><strong>Hematemesis </strong>(he-mah-TEM-eh-sis): Vomiting blood.</p><p><strong>Hematochezia</strong> (he-mah-to-KE-se-ah): Passage of bright red blood from the rectum.</p><p><strong>Hematocrit </strong>(he-MAH-to-krit): Percentage of red blood cells in a given volume of blood.</p><p><strong>Hematology</strong> (he-mah-TOL-o-je): Study of blood and blood disorders.</p><p><strong>Hematoma </strong>(he-mah-TO-mah): Collection or mass of blood.</p><p><strong>Hematopoiesis </strong>(he-mah-to-poy-E-sis): Formation of blood cells in bone marrow.</p><p><strong>Hematopoietic stem cell </strong>(he-mah-to-poy-EH-tik stem sel): Cell in the bone marrow that gives rise to all types of blood cells.</p><p><strong>Hematopoietic stem cell transplant</strong> (he-mah-to-poy-E-tik stem sel TRANS-plant): Peripheral stem cells found in the blood of a compatible donor are administered into the vein of a recipient.</p><p><strong>Hematuria </strong>(hem-ah-TU-re-ah): Blood in the urine.</p><p><strong>Hemianopsia </strong>(hem-e-an-OP-se-ah): Absence of vision for one half, right or left, of an individual’s field of vision.</p><p><strong>Hemiglossectomy </strong>(hem-e-glos-SEK-to-me): Removal (resection) of half the tongue.</p><p><strong>Hemiparesis </strong>(hem-e-pah-RE-sis): Slight paralysis of the right or left half of the body.</p><p><strong>Hemiplegia </strong>(hem-e-PLE-jah): Paralysis of the right or left half of the body.</p><p><strong>Hemochromatosis </strong>(he-mo-kro-mah-TO-sis): Excessive deposits of iron throughout the body.</p><p><strong>Hemodialysis </strong>(he-mo-di-AL-ih-sis): Removal of nitrogenous waste from the blood in patients whose kidneys have stopped functioning. Blood leaves the body and circulates through a machine that removes wastes before sending the blood back into the body through a vein.</p><p><strong>Hemoglobin </strong>(HE-mo-glo-bin): Blood protein containing iron; carries oxygen in red blood cells.</p><p><strong>Hemoglobin test</strong> (HE-mo-glo-bin test): Total amount of hemoglobin in a sample of blood.</p><p><strong>Hemoglobinopathy </strong>(he-mo-glo-bin-OP-ah-the): Disease or defect of hemoglobin production. Sickle cell anemia is an example.</p><p><strong>Hemolysis </strong>(he-MOL-ih-sis): Destruction of red blood cells.</p><p><strong>Hemolytic anemia</strong> (he-mo-LIH-tik ah-NE-me-ah): Reduction in erythrocytes due to excessive destruction of red blood cells.</p><p><strong>Hemolytic disease of the newborn</strong> (he-mo-LIH-tic dih-ZEEZ of the NU-born): Destruction of red blood cells in the newborn caused by a blood group (Rh factor) incompatibility between the mother and the fetus.</p><p><strong>Hemophilia </strong>(he-mo-FIL-e-ah): Hereditary disease of blood clotting failure with abnormal bleeding. Affected individuals are lacking a blood clotting factor (VIII or IX).</p><p><strong>Hemoptysis </strong>(he-MOP-tih-sis): Spitting up blood from the respiratory tract.</p><p><strong>Hemorrhage </strong>(HEM-or-ij): Bursting forth or excessive flow of blood.</p><p><strong>Hemorrhoids </strong>(HEM-uh-roydz): Swollen, twisted veins in the rectal and anal region.</p><p><strong>Hemostasis </strong>(he-mo-STA-sis): Stoppage of bleeding or the flow of blood.</p><p><strong>Hemothorax </strong>(he-mo-THO-rax): Blood in the chest (pleural cavity) surrounding the lungs.</p><p><strong>Heparin </strong>(HEP-ah-rin): Anticoagulant found in blood and tissues.</p><p><strong>Hepatitis </strong>(hep-ah-TI-tis): Inflammation of the liver.</p><p><strong>Hepatocellular carcinoma </strong>(hep-at-o-SEL-u-lar kar-sih-NO-mah): Malignant tumor of the liver.</p><p><strong>Hepatoma </strong>(hep-ah-TO-mah): Tumor (cancerous) of the liver; hepatocellular carcinoma.</p><p><strong>Hepatomegaly </strong>(hep-ah-to-MEG-ah-le): Enlargement of the liver.</p><p><strong>Herniation of a intervertebral disc</strong> (her-ne-A-shun of a in-ter-ver-TE-bral disc): Abnormal protrusion of an intervertebral disc into the spinal canal or spinal nerves.</p><p><strong>Herniorrhaphy </strong>(her-ne-OR-ah-fe): Suture (stitching or sewing up) a hernia.</p><p><strong>Herpes genitalis</strong> (HER-peez jen-ih-TAL-is): Sexually transmitted infection of the skin and genital mucosa, caused by herpes simplex virus; marked by blisters.</p><p><strong>Herpes zoster</strong> (HER-peez ZOS-ter): Viral infection affecting peripheral nerves; chicken pox virus or its reactivation (shingles).</p><p><strong>Herpetic stomatitis</strong> (her-PET-ik sto-mah-TI-tis): Inflammation of the mouth caused by infection with the herpesvirus.</p><p><strong>Hiatal hernia </strong>(hi-A-tal HER-ne-ah): Protrusion of the upper portion of the stomach into the chest through the opening of the diaphragm.</p><p><strong>HIDA scan</strong> (HIH-dah scan): Radioactive imaging of the liver, gallbladder, and intestine. </p><p><strong>Hilar </strong>(HI-lar): Pertaining to the hilum.</p><p><strong>Hilum </strong>(HI-lum): Depression or hollow in the surface of an organ, such as the kidney and lung. It is the area where blood vessels and nerves enter and leave the organ.</p><p><strong>Hilum of the lung</strong> (HI-lum of the lung): Midline region where the bronchi, blood vessels, and nerves enter and exit the lungs.</p><p><strong>Hirsutism </strong>(HER-soot-izm): Excessive hair growth.</p><p><strong>Histology </strong>(his-TOL-o-je): Study of tissues.</p><p><strong>Histrionic Personality</strong> (his-tre-ON-ik per-son-AL-it-e): Highly emotional, immature, and dependent personality type with irrational outbursts, tantrums and flamboyant, and theatrical behavior.</p><p><strong>HIV encephalopathy</strong> (HIV en-seh-fal-OP-ah-the): Disease of the brain (dementia) caused by infection with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV).</p><p><strong>Hodgkin lymphoma </strong>(HOJ-kin lim-FO-mah): Malignant tumor of lymphatic tissue in the spleen and lymph nodes.</p><p><strong>Holter monitoring </strong>(HOL-ter MON-ih-teh-ring): Compact version of an electrocardiograph is worn during a extended period to detect cardiac arrhythmias.</p><p><strong>Homeostasis </strong>(ho-me-o-STA-sis): Tendency in an organism to return to a state of constancy and stability.</p><p><strong>Hordeolum </strong>(hor-DE-o-lum): Small, superficial white nodule along lid margin due to infection of a sebaceous gland; stye.</p><p><strong>Hormonal</strong> (hor-MO-nal): Pertaining to a hormone.</p><p><strong>Hormone </strong>(HOR-mone): Chemical secreted by an endocrine gland.</p><p><strong>Human chorionic gonadotropin</strong> (HU-man ko-re-ON-ik go-nad-o-TRO-pin): Secreted by the placenta to sustain pregnancy.</p><p><strong>Human immunodeficiency virus </strong>(HU-man im-u-no-deh-FISH-en-se VI-rus): Virus (retrovirus) that causes AIDS; HIV.</p><p><strong>Human papillomavirus</strong> (HU-man pap-ih-LO-mah-vi-rus): Infection of the skin and mucous membranes in the anogenital region by the human papillomavirus; HPV.</p><p><strong>Humeral </strong>(HU-mer-al): Pertaining to the humerus (upper arm bone).</p><p><strong>Humerus </strong>(HU-mer-us): Upper arm bone.</p><p><strong>Humoral immunity</strong> (HU-mer-al im-MU-nih-te): B cells produce antibodies after exposure to specific antigens; type of adaptive immunity.</p><p><strong>Huntington disease</strong> (HUN-ting-ton dih-ZEEZ): Hereditary disorder affecting the cerebrum and involving abrupt, involuntary, jerking movements, and mental deterioration in later stages.</p><p><strong>Hydrarthrosis </strong>(hi-drar-THRO-sis): Condition of water or fluid in a joint.</p><p><strong>Hydrocele </strong>(HI-dro-seel): Hernia (sac of clear, watery fluid) within the scrotum.</p><p><strong>Hydrocephalus </strong>(hi-dro-SEF-ah-lus): Abnormal accumulation of cerebrospinal fluid in the ventricles (canals) of the brain.</p><p><strong>Hydrochloric acid</strong> (hi-dro-KLOR-ik AS-id): Substance (strong acid): produced in the stomach; aids digestion.</p><p><strong>Hydronephrosis </strong>(hi-dro-nef-RO-sis): Abnormal condition of excess backup of fluid (urine) in the kidney.</p><p><strong>Hydrotherapy </strong>(hi-dro-THER-ah-pe): Treatment using water; whirlpool baths.</p><p><strong>Hymen </strong>(HI-men): Mucous membrane partially or completely covering the opening to the vagina.</p><p><strong>Hypalgesia</strong> (hi-pal-GE-ze-ah): Diminished sensitivity to pain.</p><p><strong>Hyperacusis </strong>(hi-per-ah-KU-sis): Excessive sensitivity to sounds.</p><p><strong>Hyperbilirubinemia </strong>(hi-per-bil-e-ru-bin-E-me-ah): High levels of bilirubin (yellow/orange pigment) in the bloodstream; jaundice.</p><p><strong>Hypercalcemia</strong> (hi-per-kal-SE-me-ah): High levels of calcium in blood.</p><p><strong>Hypercalciuria </strong>(hi-per-kal-se-U-re-ah): High levels of calcium in urine.</p><p><strong>Hypercapnia </strong>(hi-per-KAP-ne-ah): Increased levels of carbon dioxide in the bloodstream.</p><p><strong>Hypercholesterolemia </strong>(hi-per-ko-les-ter-ol-E-me-ah): High levels of cholesterol in the blood.</p><p><strong>Hyperesthesia </strong>(hi-per-es-THE-ze-ah): Excessive sensitivity or feeling; especially of the skin in response to touch or pain.</p><p><strong>Hyperglycemia </strong>(hi-per-gli-SE-me-ah): High levels of sugar in the bloodstream; associated with diabetes mellitus.</p><p><strong>Hyperinsulinism </strong>(hi-per-IN-su-lin-izm): Increased secretion of insulin from the beta islet cells of the pancreas.</p><p><strong>Hyperkalemia </strong>(hi-per-ka-LE-me-ah): Condition of high concentration of potassium in blood.</p><p><strong>Hyperkinesis </strong>(hi-per-kih-NE-sis): Excessive movement.</p><p><strong>Hypernatremia </strong>(hi-per-na-TRE-me-ah): Abnormally high levels of sodium in the bloodstream.</p><p><strong>Hyperopia </strong>(hi-per-O-pe-ah): Farsightedness; vision condition in which distant objects are seen more clearly than objects that are near.</p><p><strong>Hyperparathyroidism </strong>(hi-per-par-ah-THI-royd-izm): Increased secretion of parathormone from the parathyroid glands.</p><p><strong>Hyperplasia </strong>(hi-per-PLA-ze-ah): Condition of increased formation of cells.</p><p><strong>Hyperpnea </strong>(hi-PERP-ne-ah): Increase in breathing rate.</p><p><strong>Hypersplenism </strong>(hi-per-SPLEN-iz-m): Syndrome of spleen enlargement (splenomegaly) and destruction of red blood cells (hemolysis).</p><p><strong>Hypertension </strong>(hi-per-TEN-shun): High blood pressure.</p><p><strong>Hypertensive heart disease</strong> (hi-per-TEN-siv hart dih-ZEEZ): High blood pressure affecting the heart.</p><p><strong>Hypertensive retinopathy</strong> (hi-per-TEN-siv reh-tih-NOP-ah-the): Disease of the retina due to high blood pressure.</p><p><strong>Hyperthyroidism </strong>(hi-per-THI-royd-izm): Condition of increased secretion of thyroid gland hormones.</p><p><strong>Hypertrichosis </strong>(hi-per-trih-KO-sis): Abnormal condition of excessive hair growth.</p><p><strong>Hypertrophy </strong>(hi-PER-tro-fe): Increase in size of tissue or an organ due to increase in size of individual cells.</p><p><strong>Hyperuricemia </strong>(hi-per-u-reh-SE-me-ah): Increase in uric acid in the blood.</p><p><strong>Hypnosis</strong> (hip-NO-sis): Induction of a trance-like state of consciousness in a patient to increase the pace of psychotherapy.</p><p><strong>Hypnotic</strong> (hip-NOT-ik): Drug that promotes sleep or a trance-like state (hypnosis).</p><p><strong>Hypocalcemia </strong>(hi-po-kal-SE-me-ah): Low levels of calcium in blood.</p><p><strong>Hypochondriac regions </strong>(hi-po-KON-dre-ak RE-jens): Right and left upper abdominopelvic regions (beneath the ribs).</p><p><strong>Hypochromic </strong>(hi-po-KRO-mik): Pertaining to deficiency in color; decrease in hemoglobin in red blood cells.</p><p><strong>Hypodermic </strong>(hi-po-DER-mik): Pertaining to under the skin.</p><p><strong>Hypodermic injection</strong> (hi-po-DER-mik in-JEK-shun): Injection of medication under the skin.</p><p><strong>Hypogastric </strong>(hi-po-GAS-trik): Pertaining to below the stomach.</p><p><strong>Hypogastric region</strong> (hi-po-GAS-trik RE-jen): Middle lower abdominopelvic region (below the umbilical region).</p><p><strong>Hypoglossal </strong>(hi-po-GLOS-al): Pertaining to under the tongue.</p><p><strong>Hypoglycemia </strong>(hi-po-gli-SE-me-ah): Low/deficient levels of sugar in blood.</p><p><strong>Hypogonadism </strong>(hi-po-GO-nad-iz-im): Deficient functioning of the gonads (ovaries or testes).</p><p><strong>Hypoinsulinism </strong>(hi-po-IN-su-lin-iz-im): Deficient production of insulin (pancreatic hormone).</p><p><strong>Hypokalemia </strong>(hi-po-ka-LE-me-ah): Low levels of potassium in blood.</p><p><strong>Hypomania </strong>(hi-po-MA-ne-ah): Elevated excitement that is of lesser intensity than mania.</p><p><strong>Hyponatremia </strong>(hi-po-na-TRE-me-ah): Low levels of sodium in blood.</p><p><strong>Hypoparathyroidism </strong>(hi-po-par-ah-THI-royd-iz-im): Decreased secretion of parathormone from the parathyroid glands.</p><p><strong>Hypophysectomy </strong>(hi-pof-ih-SEK-to-me): Removal of the pituitary gland.</p><p><strong>Hypophysis </strong>(hi-POF-ih-sis): Pituitary gland.</p><p><strong>Hypopituitarism </strong>(hi-po-pih-TU-it-ar-izm): Deficient secretion of hormones from the pituitary gland.</p><p><strong>Hypospadias </strong>(hi-po-SPA-de-as): Congenital anomaly in which the opening of the urethra is on the underside of the penis.</p><p><strong>Hypothalamus </strong>(hi-po-THAL-ah-mus): Region of the brain lying below the thalamus, but above the pituitary gland. It stimulates the pituitary gland to secrete and release hormones.</p><p><strong>Hypothyroidism</strong> (hi-po-THI-royd-izm): Decreased secretion of hormones from the thyroid gland.</p><p><strong>Hypoxia </strong>(hi-POX-e-ah): Deficiency of oxygen in tissues.</p><p><strong>Hysterectomy </strong>(his-ter-EK-to-me): Removal of the uterus.</p><p><strong>Hysterosalpingogram </strong>(his-ter-o-sal-PING-go-gram): X-ray imaging record of the uterus and fallopian tubes</p><p><strong>Hysterosalpingography </strong>(his-ter-o-sal-ping-OG-rah-fe): X-ray imaging of the uterus and fallopian tubes after injection of contrast material.</p><p><strong>Hysteroscopy </strong>(his-ter-OS-ko-pe): Visual examination (endoscopic) of the uterus.</p><p><strong>Hysterosonogram </strong>(his-ter-o-SON-o-gram): Ultrasound imaging of the uterus.</p>
			</div>

		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div><div class="block rendered">
		<div id="75e4792a-b707-42ec-b6de-cc8148c38406" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			<div class="static__text--indent">
				<p><span style="color:#CA500F;"><strong>I</strong></span></p><p><strong>Iatrogenic </strong>(i-ah-tro-JEN-ik): Pertaining to produced by a treatment or a procedure.</p><p><strong>Ichthyosis </strong>(ik-the-O-sis): Hereditary condition in which the skin resembles fish scales and is dry, rough, and scaly.</p><p><strong>Ictal event</strong> (IK-tal e-VENT): Pertaining to a sudden, acute onset, as the convulsion of an epileptic seizure.</p><p><strong>Icterus </strong>(IK-ter-us): Jaundice; yellow-orange coloration of the skin and whites of the eyes caused by high levels of bilirubin in the blood.</p><p><strong>Id </strong>(id): Major unconscious part of the personality; instinctual drives and desires.</p><p><strong>Identical twins </strong>(i-DEN-tih-kal): Two infants resulting from division of one fertilized egg.</p><p><strong>Idiopathic </strong>(id-e-o-PATH-ik): Pertaining to unknown cause of disease.</p><p><strong>Idiosyncrasy </strong>(id-e-o-SIN-krah-se): Unexpected effect produced in a particularly sensitive individual, but not seen in most patients.</p><p><strong>Idiosyncratic reaction </strong>(id-e-o-sin-KRAH-tik re-AK-shun): Unexpected effect produced in a particularly sensitive patient but not seen in most people.</p><p><strong>Ileitis </strong>(il-e-I-tis): Inflammation of the ileum (third part of the small intestine).</p><p><strong>Ileocecal sphincter</strong> (il-e-o-SE-kal SFINK-ter): Ring of muscles between the ileum and cecum (first part of the large intestine).</p><p><strong>Ileostomy </strong>(il-e-OS-to-me): New opening of the ileum to the outside of the body.</p><p><strong>Ileum </strong>(IL-e-UM): Third part of the small intestine.</p><p><strong>Ileus </strong>(IL-e-us): Loss of peristalsis with resulting obstruction of the intestines.</p><p><strong>Iliac </strong>(IL-e-ak): Pertaining to the ilium; right or left upper most portion of the hip bone.</p><p><strong>Ilium </strong>(IL-e-um): Upper and largest portion of the hip bone.</p><p><strong>Immune reaction</strong> (im-MEWN re-AK-shun): Response of the immune system to foreign invasion.</p><p><strong>Immunity </strong>(ih-MU-nih-te): The body’s capability to resist foreign organisms and toxins that can damage tissue and organs.</p><p><strong>Immunoelectrophoresis </strong>(ih-mu-no-e-lek-tro-phor-E-sis): Laboratory test that separates immunoglobulins (IgG, IgM, IgD, IgE, and IgA).</p><p><strong>Immunoglobulin </strong>(im-u-no-GLOB-u-lin): Protein (globulin) with antibody activity; examples are IgG, IgM, IgA, IgE, IgD.</p><p><strong>Immunohistochemistry</strong> (im-u-no-his-to-KEM-is-tre): Localizing antigens or proteins in tissues using labeled (colored or fluorescent) antibodies.</p><p><strong>Immunosuppression </strong>(im-u-no-su-PREH-shun): Blocking or turning off the normal immune response.</p><p><strong>Immunotherapy </strong>(im-u-no-THER-ah-pe): Cancer treatment using immune cells and antibodies to kill tumor cells; CAR T-cell therapy and checkpoint inhibitors are examples.</p><p><strong>Impetigo </strong>(im-peh-TI-go): Bacterial inflammatory skin disease characterized by vesicles, pustules, and crusted-over lesions.</p><p><strong>Implantable cardioverter defibrillator</strong> (im-PLANT-ah-bul kar-de-o-VER-ter de-FIB-rih-la-tor): Small electric device implanted inside the chest (near the collarbone) to sense arrhythmias and terminate them to restore normal sinus rhythm; ICD.</p><p><strong>Impotence </strong>(IM-peh-tents): Inability of an adult male to achieve an erection; erectile dysfunction.</p><p><strong>In vitro</strong> (in VE-tro): Process, test, or procedure performed, measured, or observed outside a living organism.</p><p><strong>In vitro fertilization </strong>(in VE-tro fer-til-ih-ZA-shun): Egg and sperm cells are combined outside the body in a laboratory dish (in vitro) to facilitate fertilization.</p><p><strong>In vivo </strong>(in VE-vo): Process, test, or procedure performed, measured, or observed within a living organism.</p><p><strong>Incision</strong> (in-SIZH-un): Process of cutting into the body.</p><p><strong>Incisional biopsy </strong>(in-SIZH-un-al BI-op-se): Piece of tumor is removed for examination to establish a diagnosis.</p><p><strong>Incisor </strong>(in-SI-zor): One of the four front teeth on either jaw.</p><p><strong>Incus </strong>(ING-kus): Small, anvil-shaped bone (ossicle) in the middle ear; second ossicle.</p><p><strong>Infant respiratory distress syndrome </strong>(IN-fant RESP-ir-ah-tory dis-TRES SIN-drohm): Acute lung disease commonly seen in the premature newborn.</p><p><strong>Infarction </strong>(in-FARK-shun): Area of dead tissue.</p><p><strong>Inferior </strong>(in-FE-re-or): Below another structure; pertaining to the tail or lower portion of the body.</p><p><strong>Infertility </strong>(in-fer-til-ih-te): Any problem that lowers the chances of a women becoming pregnant.</p><p><strong>Infiltrate </strong>(IN-fil-trayt): Collection of fluid or other material within the lung, as seen on a chest film, CT scan, or other radiologic image.</p><p><strong>Infiltrative </strong>(IN-fil-tra-tiv): Extending beyond normal tissue boundaries.</p><p><strong>Inflammatory bowel disease </strong>(in-FLAM-ah-tor-e BOW-el dih-ZEEZ): Inflammation of the colon and small intestine; Crohn disease and ulcerative colitis.</p><p><strong>Infracostal </strong>(in-frah-KOS-tal): Pertaining to below the ribs.</p><p><strong>Inframammary </strong>(in-frah-MAM-ar-e): Pertaining to below the breast.</p><p><strong>Infrapatellar </strong>(in-frah-pah-TEL-er): Pertaining to below the patella (kneecap).</p><p><strong>Inguinal </strong>(ING-win-al): Pertaining to the groin.</p><p><strong>Inguinal hernia</strong> (ING-win-al HER-ne-ah): Small loop of the bowel protrudes through a weakened lower abdominal muscle.</p><p><strong>Inguinal nodes</strong> (IN-gwih-nal node): Lymph nodes in the groin region.</p><p><strong>Inguinal regions</strong> (ING-win-al RE-jens): Right and left lower abdominopelvic regions (near the groin).</p><p><strong>Inhalation</strong> (in-hah-LA-shun): Act of breathing in; inspiration. Also administration of drugs in gaseous or vapor form through the nose or mouth.</p><p><strong>Insight-oriented therapy</strong> (IN-site OR-e-en-ted THER-ah-pe): Face-to-face discussion of life problems and feelings to increase understanding of thoughts and behavior patterns; psychodynamic therapy.</p><p><strong>Insomniac </strong>(in-SOM-ne-ak): Pertaining to without sleep; an insomniac is a person who cannot sleep.</p><p><strong>Inspiration </strong>(in-spih-RA-shun): Act of breathing in; inhalation.</p><p><strong>Insulin </strong>(IN-su-lin): Hormone secreted by the endocrine cells of the pancreas. It transports sugar from the blood into cells.</p><p><strong>Integumentary system</strong> (in-teg-u-MEN-tair-e SIS-tem): Skin and its accessory organs such as hair and nails.</p><p><strong>Intercostal </strong>(in-ter-KOS-tal): Pertaining to between the ribs.</p><p><strong>Interferons </strong>(in-ter-FE-ronz): Proteins (cytokines) secreted by T cells and other cells to aid and regulate the immune response.</p><p><strong>Interleukins </strong>(in-ter-LU-kinz): Proteins (cytokines) that stimulate the growth of B and T lymphocytes.</p><p><strong>Interstitial cells of the testes</strong> (in-ter-STIH-shul selz of the TES-tis): Cells that lie between the seminiferous tubules and produce testosterone.</p><p><strong>Interstitial fluid</strong> (in-ter-STIH-shul FLU-id): Fluid in the spaces between cells. This fluid becomes lymph when it enters lymph capillaries.</p><p><strong>Interstitial nephritis </strong>(in-ter-STIH-shul neh-FRI-tis): Inflammation of the connective tissue that lies between the renal tubules in the kidney.</p><p><strong>Interventional radiology </strong>(in-ter-VEN-shun-al ra-de-OL-o-je): Therapeutic procedures performed by a radiologist.</p><p><strong>Interventricular septum</strong> (in-ter-ven-TRIK-u-lar SEP-tum): Wall between the ventricles of the heart.</p><p><strong>Intervertebral </strong>(in-ter-ver-TE-bral): Pertaining to between the vertebrae (backbones).</p><p><strong>Intraocular </strong>(in-trah-OK-u-lar): Pertaining to within the eye.</p><p><strong>Intrathecal </strong>(in-trah-THE-kal): Pertaining to within the membranes (meninges) surrounding the brain and spinal cord.</p><p><strong>Intrathecal injection</strong> (in-trah-THE-kal in-JEK-shun): Delivery of chemicals within the membranes (meninges) surrounding the brain and spinal cord.</p><p><strong>Intrauterine device</strong> (in-trah-U-ter-in de-VISE): Device inserted by a physician into the uterus to prevent pregnancy; IUD.</p><p><strong>Intravenous </strong>(in-trah-VE-nus): Pertaining to within a vein.</p><p><strong>Intravesical </strong>(in-trah-VES-ih-kal): Within the urinary bladder.</p><p><strong>Intravitreal </strong>(in-trah-VIT-re-al): Pertaining to within the vitreous humor.</p><p><strong>Intrinsic factor</strong> (in-TRIN-sik FAK-tor): Substance normally found in gastric (stomach) juice that helps absorption of vitamin B12 into the bloodstream.</p><p><strong>Intussusception </strong>(in-tus-sus-SEP-shun): Telescoping of the intestines.</p><p><strong>Invasive </strong>(in-VA-siv): Having the ability to enter and destroy surrounding tissue.</p><p><strong>Inversion </strong>(in-VER-zhun): Turning inward.</p><p><strong>Involution </strong>(in-vo-LU-shun): Shrinking of the uterus (womb) to its normal size after childbirth.</p><p><strong>Ionization </strong>(i-on-ih-ZA-shun): Transformation of electrically neutral substances into electrically charged particles.</p><p><strong>Iridectomy </strong>(ir-ih-DEK-to-me): Removal of a portion of the iris.</p><p><strong>Iridic </strong>(ir-RID-ik): Pertaining to the iris.</p><p><strong>Iris </strong>(I-ris): Pigmented (colored) layer of the eye.</p><p><strong>Iritis </strong>(i-RI-tis): Inflammation of the iris of the eye.</p><p><strong>Irradiation </strong>(ir-ra-de-A-shun): Exposure to any form of radiant energy such as light, heat or x-rays.</p><p><strong>Irritable bowel syndrome </strong>(IR-it-ah-bel BOW-el SIN-drohm): Group of gastrointestinal symptoms (abdominal pain, diarrhea, constipation, and bloating), but without structural abnormalities in the intestines.</p><p><strong>Ischemia </strong>(is-KE-me-ah): Condition of holding back blood from an organ or tissue.</p><p><strong>Ischial </strong>(ISH-e-al): Pertaining to the ischium (posterior portion of the hip bone).</p><p><strong>Ischium </strong>(ISH-e-um): Posterior (back) portion of the hip bone.</p>
			</div>

		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div><div class="block rendered">
		<div id="da2c9320-52ed-4923-bd21-4f52f602eb85" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			<div class="static__text--indent">
				<p><span style="color:#CA500F;"><strong>J</strong></span></p><p><strong>Jaundice </strong>(JAWN-dis): Yellow-orange coloration of the skin and whites of the eyes caused by high levels of bilirubin in the blood; icterus.</p><p><strong>Jejunum </strong>(je-JU-num): Second part of the small intestine.</p>
			</div>

		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div><div class="block rendered">
		<div id="2576342b-64d0-45e8-95fb-7bcefe4b3a85" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			<div class="static__text--indent">
				<p><span style="color:#CA500F;"><strong>K</strong></span></p><p><strong>Kaposi sarcoma</strong> (KAH-po-se sar-KO-mah): Malignant tumor of skin and connective tissue; associated with AIDS.</p><p><strong>Karyotype </strong>(KAR-e-o-type): Picture (classification) of chromosomes in the nucleus of a cell.</p><p><strong>Keloid </strong>(KE-loyd): Enlarged scar on the skin.</p><p><strong>Keratin </strong>(KER-ah-tin): Hard protein found in epidermis, hair, and nails.</p><p><strong>Keratitis </strong>(ker-ah-TI-tis): Inflammation of the cornea of the eye.</p><p><strong>Keratoplasty </strong>(ker-ah-to-PLAS-te): Surgical repair of the cornea of the eye; corneal transplant.</p><p><strong>Keratosis </strong>(ker-ah-TO-sis): Excessive development of hard, keratinized tissue on the skin associated with aging or skin damage.</p><p><strong>Ketoacidosis </strong>(ke-to-ah-sih-DO-sis): Fats are improperly burned, leading to an accumulation of ketones and acids in the body.</p><p><strong>Ketonuria </strong>(ke-to-NU-re-ah): Presence of ketones in the urine. Common in uncontrolled diabetes mellitus, but can occur in any time the body begins to break down fatty tissue to provide energy as in starvation.</p><p><strong>Ketosis </strong>(ke-TO-sis): Accumulation of large quantities of ketone bodies (acetones) in the blood; ketoacidosis.</p><p><strong>Kidney </strong>(KID-ne): One of two bean-shaped organs behind the abdominal cavity on either side of the backbone in the lumbar region.</p><p><strong>Kleptomania </strong>(klep-to-MA-ne-ah): Strong impulse to steal, often with little actual desire for the stolen item.</p><p><strong>KUB </strong>(K-U-B): X-ray examination (without contrast) of the kidneys, ureters, and bladder.</p><p><strong>Kyphosis </strong>(ki-FO-sis): Abnormal condition of outward curvature (convexity) of the thoracic spine; humpback.</p>
			</div>

		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div><div class="block rendered">
		<div id="e2571732-8b16-4ff1-9ff8-44e1858171bd" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			<div class="static__text--indent">
				<p><span style="color:#CA500F;"><strong>L</strong></span></p><p><strong>Labia </strong>(LA-be-ah): Lips of the vagina.</p><p><strong>Labial </strong>(LA-be-al): Pertaining to the lip.</p><p><strong>Labile </strong>(LA-bile): Unstable; undergoing rapid emotional change.</p><p><strong>Labiodental </strong>(la-be-o-DEN-tal): Pertaining to lips and teeth.</p><p><strong>Labyrinth </strong>(LAB-ih-rinth): Maze-like series of canals of the inner ear; cochlea, vestibule, and semicircular canals.</p><p><strong>Lacrimal </strong>(LAK-rih-mal): Pertaining to tears.</p><p><strong>Lacrimal bones</strong> (LA-krim-al bones): Two small facial bones that contain tear glands and canals for the passage of tear ducts.</p><p><strong>Lacrimation </strong>(lah-krih-MA-shun): Production of tears.</p><p><strong>Lactation </strong>(lak-TA-shun): Production of milk.</p><p><strong>Lactiferous ducts</strong> (lak-TIF-er-us dukts): Tubes that carry milk from the mammary glands to the nipple.</p><p><strong>Lamina </strong>(LAM-in-ah): One of two posterior (back) arches of a vertebra.</p><p><strong>Laminectomy </strong>(lam-in-EK-to-me): Surgical removal of a portion of the vertebral arch (lamina) to relieve pressure on a protruding intervertebral disc.</p><p><strong>Laparoscope </strong>(LAP-ah-ro-skope): Instrument used to visually examine the abdomen using small incisions and with the aid of a camera.</p><p><strong>Laparoscopy </strong>(lap-ah-ROS-ko-pe): Process of visually examining the abdomen using an endoscope (laparoscope); minimally invasive surgery.</p><p><strong>Laparotomy </strong>(lap-ah-ROT-o-me): Incision (large) of the abdomen for diagnosis and treatment. This is exploratory or open surgery.</p><p><strong>Laryngeal </strong>(lah-rin-JE-al): Pertaining to the larynx (voice box).</p><p><strong>Laryngectomy </strong>(lah-rin-JEK-to-me): Removal of the larynx or voice box.</p><p><strong>Laryngitis </strong>(lah-rin-JI-tis): Inflammation of the larynx (voice box).</p><p><strong>Laryngoscopy </strong>(lah-rin-GS-ko-pe): Endoscopic visual examination of the larynx.</p><p><strong>Laryngospasm</strong> (lah-RING-go-spaz-im): Involuntary contraction of muscles surrounding the voice box.</p><p><strong>Larynx </strong>(LAR-inks): Voice box; located above the trachea (windpipe).</p><p><strong>Laser photocoagulation</strong> (LA-zer fo-to-ko-ag-u-LA-shun): Intense, precisely focused light beam (argon laser) creates an inflammatory reaction that seals retinal tears and leaky retinal blood vessels.</p><p><strong>Lateral </strong>(LAT-er-al): Pertaining to the side.</p><p><strong>Laxative </strong>(LAK-sah-tiv): Weak cathartic; promotes movement of feces through the colon.</p><p><strong>Left ventricular assist device </strong>(left ven-TRIH-ku-lar ah-SIST de-vise): Booster pump implanted in the abdomen with a tube inserted into the left ventricle. An LVAD is a “bridge to transplant” or destination therapy when heart transplantation is impossible.</p><p><strong>Leiomyoma </strong>(li-o-mi-O-mah): Benign tumor of smooth, involuntary muscle; when in the uterus, called a fibroid.</p><p><strong>Leiomyosarcoma </strong>(li-o-mi-o-sar-KO-mah): Malignant tumor of smooth (involuntary) muscle.</p><p><strong>Lens </strong>(lenz): Transparent, biconvex body behind the pupil of the eye. It bends (refracts) light rays to bring them into focus on the retina.</p><p><strong>Leptomeningitis </strong>(lep-to-men-in-JI-tis): Inflammation of the two thinner membranes (arachnoid and pia mater) surrounding the brain and spinal cord.</p><p><strong>Leukapheresis </strong>(lu-kah-feh-RE-sis): Mechanical separation of white blood cells from the rest of the blood.</p><p><strong>Leukemia </strong>(lu-KE-me-ah): Blood condition of high numbers of malignant (cancerous) white blood cells.</p><p><strong>Leukocyte </strong>(LU-ko-site): White blood cell.</p><p><strong>Leukocytosis </strong>(lu-ko-si-TO-sis): Condition of slight increase in normal white blood cells; often the result of inflammation or infection.</p><p><strong>Leukopenia </strong>(lu-ko-PE-ne-ah): Deficiency of white blood cells.</p><p><strong>Leukoplakia </strong>(lu-ko-PLA-ke-ah): White plaques on mucous membranes and surfaces of the body.</p><p><strong>Leukorrhea</strong> (lu-ko-RE-ah): White to yellow discharge from the vagina.</p><p><strong>Ligament </strong>(LIG-ah-ment): Fibrous, connective bands binding bones to other bones; supports, strengthens, and stabilizes the joint.</p><p><strong>Ligamentous </strong>(lig-ah-MEN-tus): Pertaining to a ligament.</p><p><strong>Ligation </strong>(li-GA-shun): Tying off a tube or blood vessel.</p><p><strong>Linear accelerator</strong> (LIN-e-ar ak-SEL-eh-ra-tor): Device that produces high-energy x-ray (photon) beams for treatment of deep-seated tumors.</p><p><strong>Lipase </strong>(LI-payz): Pancreatic enzyme necessary to digest fats.</p><p><strong>Lipid Tests</strong> (LIH-pid tests): Measurement of cholesterol and triglycerides (fats) in a sample of blood.</p><p><strong>Lipoma </strong>(li-PO-mah): Benign tumor of fatty tissue.</p><p><strong>Lipoprotein electrophoresis</strong> (li-po-PRO-teen e-lek-tro-for-E-sis): Lipoproteins (combinations of fat and protein) are physically separated in a blood sample. Examples of lipoproteins are HDL (high density lipoprotein) and LDL (low density lipoprotein).</p><p><strong>Liposuction </strong>(li-po-SUK-shun): Removal of adipose (fatty) tissue with a suction pump device.</p><p><strong>Liquid biopsy </strong>(LIK-wid BI-op-se): Test done on a sample of blood to look for cancer cells, or pieces of DNA from tumor cells.</p><p><strong>Lithium </strong>(LITH-e-um): Drug used to treat the manic episodes in bipolar disorder.</p><p><strong>Lithogenesis </strong>(lith-o-JEN-eh-sis): Formation of stones (calculi).</p><p><strong>Lithotripsy </strong>(LITH-o-trip-se): Process of using high-energy sound waves to crush a stone within the kidney or ureter.</p><p><strong>Liver</strong> (LIV-er): Large, reddish-brown organ in the right upper quadrant (RUQ) of the abdomen.</p><p><strong>Liver biopsy </strong>(LIV-er bi-OP-se): Removal of liver tissue followed by microscopic examination.</p><p><strong>Liver function tests </strong>(LIV-er FUNK-shun tests): Tests for the presence of liver enzymes and bilirubin in blood or serum (clear fluid that remains after blood has clotted).</p><p><strong>Lobectomy </strong>(lo-BEK-to-me): Removal of a lobe or section of a lung.</p><p><strong>Lordosis </strong>(lor-DO-sis): Anterior (forward) curvature of the lumbar spinal column. In its extreme form it is known as “swayback.”</p><p><strong>Lower esophageal sphincter</strong> (LO-er eh-sof-ah-JE-al SFINK-ter): Ring of muscles between the esophagus and the stomach.</p><p><strong>Lower gastrointestinal series</strong> (LO-er gas-tro-in-TES-tin-al SE-reez): X-ray images of the colon and rectum obtained after injection of barium into the rectum; barium enema</p><p><strong>Lumbar puncture</strong> (LUM-bar PUNK-shur): Withdrawal of cerebrospinal fluid from the subarachnoid space between two lumbar vertebrae; spinal tap.</p><p><strong>Lumbar regions</strong> (LUM-bar RE-jens): Right and left middle abdominopelvic regions near the waist.</p><p><strong>Lumbar spine</strong> (LUM-bar spine): Pertaining the lower back</p><p><strong>Lumbar vertebrae</strong> (LUM-bar VER-teh-bray): Five Backbones in the region of the waist.</p><p><strong>Lumbosacral</strong> (lum-bo-SA-kral): Pertaining to the lumbar and sacral regions of the back.</p><p><strong>Lung biopsy </strong>(lung BI-op-se): Surgical removal of lung tissue followed by microscopic examination of cells.</p><p><strong>Lung cancer </strong>(lung KAN-ser): Malignant tumor arising from the lungs and bronchial tubes.</p><p><strong>Lunula </strong>(LU-nu-lah): Half-moon–shaped, whitish area at the base of a nail.</p><p><strong>Luteinizing Hormone</strong> (LU-teh-ni-zing HOR-mone): Secreted by the pituitary gland (anterior lobe); stimulates ovulation in females and testosterone secretion in males.</p><p><strong>Lyme Disease </strong>(lime dih-ZEEZ): Chronic, recurrent disorder marked by severe arthritis, myalgia, and malaise; cause is a bacterium carried by a tick.</p><p><strong>Lymph </strong>(limf): Thin, watery fluid that circulates within lymph vessels and lymph nodes.</p><p><strong>Lymph capillaries </strong>(limf KAP-il-ar-eez): Tiniest lymphatic vessels.</p><p><strong>Lymph node </strong>(limf node): Collection of stationary solid lymphatic tissue along lymph vessels.</p><p><strong>Lymph vessel</strong> (limf VES-el): Carrier of lymph throughout the body; lymphatic vessels empty lymph into veins in the upper part of the chest.</p><p><strong>Lymphadenitis </strong>(limf-ah-deh-NI-tis): Inflammation of lymph nodes.</p><p><strong>Lymphadenopathy </strong>(limf-ah-deh-NOP-ah-the): Disease of lymph nodes.</p><p><strong>Lymphedema </strong>(limf-eh-DE-mah): Abnormal collection of fluid in tissue spaces caused by obstruction of lymph vessels and backflow of lymph.</p><p><strong>Lymphocyte</strong> (LIMF-o-site): Type of white blood cell (leukocyte) found in lymph nodes and blood; part of the immune system that fights disease.</p><p><strong>Lymphocytopenia </strong>(limf-o-si-to-PE-ne-ah): Deficiency of lymphocytes.</p><p><strong>Lymphocytosis </strong>(limf-o-si-TO-sis): Increase in numbers of lymphocytes in the blood.</p><p><strong>Lymphoid </strong>(LIMF-oyd): Gives rise to lymphocytes or to tissue in which lymphocytes develop.</p><p><strong>Lymphoid organs</strong> (LIMF-oyd OR-ganz): Organs containing and derived from lymphatic tissue; spleen, thymus gland, and lymph nodes.</p><p><strong>Lymphoma </strong>(limf-O-mah): Malignant tumor of lymph nodes and lymphatic tissue.</p><p><strong>Lymphopoiesis </strong>(limf-o-poy-E-sis): Formation of lymphocytes.</p><p><strong>Lymphoscintigraphy </strong>(lim-fo-sin-TIG-rah-fe): Nuclear medicine imaging which provides pictures (scintigrams) of the lymphatic system. </p>
			</div>

		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div><div class="block rendered">
		<div id="901bc2ff-87c5-483a-b0b0-f85f81b7bd9a" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			<div class="static__text--indent">
				<p><span style="color:#CA500F;"><strong>M</strong></span></p><p><strong>Macrocephaly </strong>(mak-ro-SEH-fah-le): Condition of a larger than normal head; congenital anomaly.</p><p><strong>Macrocytosis </strong>(mak-ro-si-TO-sis): Presence of large red blood cells in the blood.</p><p><strong>Macrophage </strong>(MAK-ro-fayg): Large phagocytic cell migrating from the blood into all tissues to fight disease.</p><p><strong>Macrotia </strong>(mak-RO-she-ah): Abnormally large ears.</p><p><strong>Macula </strong>(MAK-u-lah): Small oval region on the retina near the optic disc; contains the fovea centralis, which is the area clearest vision.</p><p><strong>Macular degeneration</strong> (MAK-u-lar de-jen-eh-RA-shun): Progressive damage to the macula of the retina and resulting in loss of central vision.</p><p><strong>Macule </strong>(MAK-ul): Flat, pigmented lesion on the skin measuring less than 1 cm in diameter; freckles, tattoo marks, and flat moles are examples.</p><p><strong>Magnetic resonance imaging</strong> (mag-NET-ik REH-zo-nants IM-aj-ing): Magnetic waves and radio waves produce images of organs and tissues in all three planes of the body; MRI.</p><p><strong>Malaise </strong>(mal-AYZ): General feeling of bodily discomfort.</p><p><strong>Malignant </strong>(mah-LIG-nant): Cancerous; harmful.</p><p><strong>Malignant melanoma </strong>(mah-LIG-nant mel-ah-NO-mah): Cancerous skin growth composed of melanocytes.</p><p><strong>Malignant tumor </strong>(mah-LIG-nant TU-mor): Cancerous tumor.</p><p><strong>Malleolar </strong>(mah-LE-o-lar): Pertaining to a malleolus.</p><p><strong>Malleolus </strong>(mah-LE-o-lus): Round process on both sides of the ankle joint.</p><p><strong>Malleus </strong>(MAH-le-us): Hammer-shaped, small bone (ossicle) in the middle ear; first ossicle.</p><p><strong>Mammary papilla </strong>(MAM-ar-e pap-IL-ah): Nipple of the breast.</p><p><strong>Mammogram </strong>(MAM-o-gram): Record (x-ray) of the breast.</p><p><strong>Mammography </strong>(mah-MOG-rah-fe): X-ray recording of the breast.</p><p><strong>Mammoplasty </strong>(MAM-o-plast-e): Surgical repair of the breast (augmentation or reduction surgery).</p><p><strong>Mandible </strong>(MAN-dib-ul): Lower jaw bone.</p><p><strong>Mandibular </strong>(man-DIB-u-lar): Pertaining to the lower jaw bone.</p><p><strong>Mania </strong>(MA-ne-ah): State of excessive excitability, hyperactive elation and agitation.</p><p><strong>Manubrium </strong>(mah-NU-bre-um): Upper portion of the sternum (breastbone).</p><p><strong>Mastectomy </strong>(mas-TEK-to-me): Removal (excision) of a breast.</p><p><strong>Mastication </strong>(mas-tih-KA-shun): Chewing.</p><p><strong>Mastitis </strong>(mas-TI-tis): Inflammation of a breast.</p><p><strong>Mastoid process</strong> (MAS-toyd PROS-es): Rounded projection on the temporal bone behind the ear.</p><p><strong>Mastoiditis </strong>(mas-toy-DI-tis): Inflammation and infection of the mastoid process just behind the ear.</p><p><strong>Maxilla </strong>(max-SIL-ah): Upper jaw bone.</p><p><strong>Maxillary </strong>(max-ih-LAIR-e): Pertaining to the upper jaw bones.</p><p><strong>Meatal stenosi</strong>s (me-A-tal sten-O-sis): Narrowing of the meatus (opening) leading from the urethra to the outside of the body.</p><p><strong>Meatus </strong>(me-A-tus): Opening or canal.</p><p><strong>Meconium aspiration syndrome</strong> (me-KO-ne-um as-pih-RA-shun SIN-drohm): Abnormal inhalation of meconium produced by a fetus or newborn.</p><p><strong>Medial </strong>(ME-de-al): Pertaining to the middle or near the medial plane of the body.</p><p><strong>Mediastinal nodes</strong> (me-de-ah-STI-nal nodes): Lymph nodes in the mediastinum (central area between the lungs in the chest).</p><p><strong>Mediastinoscopy </strong>(me-de-ah-sti-NOS-ko-pe): Endoscopic visual examination of the mediastinum.</p><p><strong>Mediastinum </strong>(me-de-ah-STI-num): Centrally located space outside of and between the lungs in the thoracic cavity.</p><p><strong>Medicinal chemistry </strong>(med-IS-sin-al KEM-is-tre): Study of new drug synthesis and the relationship between the chemical structure of a drug and its biologic effect.</p><p><strong>Medulla </strong>(meh-DUL-ah): Inner region of an organ.</p><p><strong>Medulla oblongata</strong> (meh-DUL-ah ob-lon-GAH-tah): Lower part of the brain, closest to the spinal cord; controls breathing heartbeat, and size of blood vessels.</p><p><strong>Medullary </strong>(MED-u-lair-e): Pertaining to the medulla (inner region) of an organ.</p><p><strong>Medullary cavity</strong> (MED-u-lair-e KAV-ih-te): Central, hollowed-out area in the shaft of a long bone.</p><p><strong>Medullary tumo</strong>r (MED-u-lair-e TU-mor): Large, fleshy tumor.</p><p><strong>Megakaryocyte </strong>(meg-ah-KAR-e-o-site): Large, giant cell with a big nucleus; platelet precursor found in the bone marrow.</p><p><strong>Melanin </strong>(MEL-ah-nin): Skin pigment. It is formed by melanocytes in the epidermis.</p><p><strong>Melanocyte </strong>(meh-LAN-o-site): Cell in the basal layer of the epidermis that produces melanin.</p><p><strong>Melanoma </strong>(mah-LIG-nant mel-ah-NO-mah): Cancerous skin growth composed of melanocytes.</p><p><strong>Melena </strong>(MEL-en-ah): Black, tarry stools; feces containing blood.</p><p><strong>Menarche</strong> (meh-NAR-ke): Beginning of the first menstrual period.</p><p><strong>Meniere disease</strong> (men-e-AIR dih-ZEEZ): Disorder of the labyrinth of the inner ear; elevated endolymph pressure within the cochlea (cochlear hydrops) and semicircular canals (vestibular hydrops).</p><p><strong>Meningeal </strong>(meh-NIN-je-al): Pertaining to the meninges.</p><p><strong>Meninges </strong>(meh-NIN-jeez): Three membranes surrounding and protecting the brain and spinal cord.</p><p><strong>Meningioma </strong>(meh-nin-je-O-mah): Tumor (benign) of the meninges.</p><p><strong>Meningitis </strong>(men-in-JI-tis): Inflammation of the meninges.</p><p><strong>Meningocele </strong>(meh-NIN-jo-seel): Hernia of the meninges through a defect or space between vertebrae; a form of spina bifida.</p><p><strong>Meniscus </strong>(meh-NIS-kus): Crescent-shaped fibrocartilaginous structure which provides cushion for a joint (such as the knee).</p><p><strong>Menometrorrhagia </strong>(men-o-met-ro-RA-jah): Excessive uterine bleeding during menstruation and also between menstrual periods.</p><p><strong>Menopause </strong>(MEN-o-pawz): Gradual ending of menstruation.</p><p><strong>Menorrhagia </strong>(men-o-RA-jah): Abnormally heavy or long menstrual periods.</p><p><strong>Menorrhea </strong>(men-o-RE-ah): Menstruation; monthly discharge of blood from the lining of the uterus.</p><p><strong>Menstruation </strong>(men-stru-A-shun): Monthly shedding of the lining of the uterus; menses.</p><p><strong>Mental </strong>(MEN-tal): Pertaining to the mind.</p><p><strong>Mesenchymal </strong>(mez-en-KI-mal): Pertaining to embryonic connective tissue from which all connective tissues arise. Sarcomas are tumors of connective tissues that arise originally from mesenchymal cells.</p><p><strong>Mesenteric</strong> <strong>nodes </strong>(mez-en-TER-ik nodes): Lymph nodes in the mesentery (intestinal region).</p><p>Mesentery (MES-en-ter-e): Membrane that attaches the intestines to the abdominal wall and holds them in place.</p><p><strong>Mesothelioma </strong>(mez-o-the-le-O-mah): Rare malignant tumor arising in the pleura and associated with asbestos exposure.</p><p><strong>Metabolism </strong>(meh-TAB-o-liz-im): Total of the chemical processes in a cell. It includes catabolism and anabolism.</p><p><strong>Metacarpal bones</strong> (met-ah-KAR-pal bones): Hand bones; literally beyond the wrist.</p><p><strong>Metacarpals </strong>(met-ah-KAR-palz): Hand bones.</p><p><strong>Metacarpectomy </strong>(met-ah-kar-PEK-to-me): Removal of hand bones.</p><p><strong>Metamorphosis </strong>(met-ah-MOR-fuh-sis): Condition of change of shape or form.</p><p><strong>Metaphysis</strong> (meh-TAH-fih-sis): Flared portion of a long bone, between the diaphysis (shaft) of the bone and the epiphyseal plate at the end of the bone.</p><p><strong>Metastasis </strong>(meh-TAS-tah-sis): Spread of a malignant tumor beyond its original location to a distant site.</p><p><strong>Metatarsalgia </strong>(met-ah-tar-SAL-jah): Foot pain.</p><p><strong>Metatarsals </strong>(met-ah-TAR-salz): Foot bones.</p><p><strong>Metrorrhagia </strong>(met-ro-RA-jah): Bleeding at irregular intervals; between expected menstrual periods.</p><p><strong>Microcephaly </strong>(mi-kro-CEF-al-e): Condition of smaller than normal head; a congenital anomaly.</p><p><strong>Microcytosis </strong>(mi-kro-si-TO-sis): Increased numbers of smaller than normal red blood cells.</p><p><strong>Microglial cell</strong> (mi-kro-GLE-al sel): Phagocytic glial cell that removes waste products from the central nervous system.</p><p><strong>Microscope </strong>(MI-kro-skope): Instrument to view small objects.</p><p><strong>Midbrain </strong>(MID-brayn): Uppermost portion of the brainstem.</p><p><strong>Migraine </strong>(MI-grane): Severe headache, often unilateral, and sometimes accompanied by nausea and vomiting.</p><p><strong>Mineralocorticoid </strong>(min-er-al-o-KOR-tih-koyd): Hormone secreted by the adrenal cortex; regulates salts (electrolytes) and water balance in the body. Aldosterone is an example.</p><p><strong>Miosis </strong>(mi-O-sis): Contraction of the pupil of the eye.</p><p><strong>Miotic</strong> (mi-OT-ik): Drug that causes the pupil of the eye to contract.</p><p><strong>Mitochondria </strong>(mi-to-KON-dre-ah): Rod-shaped structures in the cytoplasm of the cell that provide principal source of energy; catabolism occurs in mitochondria.</p><p><strong>Mitosis </strong>(mi-TO-sis): Cell division or replication of cells; creation of two identical daughter cells from a parent cell.</p><p><strong>Mitral stenosis</strong> (MI-tral steh-NO-sis): Narrowing of the mitral valve.</p><p><strong>Mitral valve</strong> (MI-tral valv): Valve between the left atrium and left ventricle of the heart; bicuspid valve.</p><p><strong>Mitral valve prolapse</strong> (MI-tral valv PRO-laps): Abnormal closure of the mitral valve so that blood refluxes backward into the left atrium during ventricular contraction.</p><p><strong>Mitral valvulitis </strong>(MI-tral val-vu-LI-tis): Inflammation of the mitral valve.</p><p><strong>Mixed tissue tumors</strong> (MIKSD TIH-shu TU-morz): Tumors composed of different types of tissue (epithelial as well as connective tissues).</p><p><strong>Modality</strong> (mo-DAL-ih-te): Method of treatment.</p><p><strong>Mohs surgery</strong> (mohz SUR-jer-e): Thin layers of malignant tissue are removed, and each slice is examined microscopically to check for adequate extent of the resection.</p><p><strong>Molar teeth</strong> (MO-lar teeth): Three large flat teeth at the back of the mouth on either side of the dental arch.</p><p><strong>Molecular pharmacology </strong>(mo-LEK-u-lar far-mah-KOL-o-je): Study of the interaction of drugs and their target molecules, enzymes, or cell surface receptors.</p><p><strong>Molecularly targeted therapy</strong> (mo-LEK-u-lar-le TAR-get-ed THER-ah-pe): Anticancer drugs designed to block the function of growth factors, their receptors, and signaling pathways in specific tumor cells.</p><p><strong>Monoblast </strong>(MON-o-blast): Immature monocyte.</p><p><strong>Monoclonal antibody</strong> (mon-o-CLO-nal AN-tih-bod-e): Antibody created in a laboratory by special reproductive (cloning) techniques; designed to attack specific cancer cells. It is useful in immunotherapy.</p><p><strong>Monocyte </strong>(MON-o-site): White blood cell with one large nucleus; capable of engulfing foreign material and debris (phagocytosis). Monocytes become macrophages as they leave the blood and enter body tissues.</p><p><strong>Mononuclear </strong>(mon-o-NU-kle-ar): Pertaining to a white blood cell with a single round nucleus; monocyte or lymphocyte.</p><p><strong>Mononucleosis </strong>(mon-o-nu-kle-O-sis): Infectious, viral disease marked by increased numbers of leukocytes and enlarged cervical lymph nodes.</p><p><strong>Morbidity </strong>(mor-BID-ih-te): Damage to normal tissue or the state of being diseased.</p><p><strong>Morphology </strong>(mor-FOL-o-je): Study of the shape or form of cells.</p><p><strong>Motor nerve</strong> (MO-ter nerv): Carries impulses from the brain and spinal cord to muscles.</p><p><strong>MRI urography</strong> (MRIu-ROG-rah-fe): Process of taking MRI images of the urinary tract after injecting contrast.</p><p><strong>Mucinous </strong>(MU-sin-us): Pertaining to cystic tumors filled with mucus.</p><p><strong>Mucositis </strong>(mu-ko-SI-tis): Inflammation of mucous membranes; often a side effect of radiation therapy or chemotherapy.</p><p><strong>Mucous membrane</strong> (MU-cus MEM-brayn): Lining of body cavities and tubular organs; secretes mucus. </p><p><strong>Mucus </strong>(MU-cus): Sticky substance that is secreted from a mucous membrane.</p><p><strong>Multigravida </strong>(mul-tih-GRAV-ih-dah): Woman who has been pregnant more than once.</p><p><strong>Multipara </strong>(mul-TIH-pah-rah): Woman who has delivered more than one viable infant.</p><p><strong>Multiple gestation </strong>(MUL-tih-pel jes-TA-shun): The presence of more than one embryo developing in the uterus during pregnancy.</p><p><strong>Multiple myeloma </strong>(MUL-tih-pel mi-eh-LO-mah): Malignant tumor of bone marrow cells (plasma cells that produce immunoglobulins).</p><p><strong>Multiple sclerosis</strong> (MUL-tih-pel skleh-RO-sis): Chronic neurologic disorder marked by destruction of the myelin sheath on axons in the CNS.</p><p><strong>Murmur </strong>(MUR-mer): Extra sound heard between normal beats during auscultation of the heart.</p><p><strong>Muscle biopsy</strong> (MUS-el BI-op-se): Removal of muscle tissue for microscopic examination to assess for abnormalities or disease.</p><p><strong>Muscular dystrophy</strong> (MUS-ku-lar DIS-tro-fe): Group of inherited diseases characterized by progressive weakness and degeneration of muscle fibers without involvement of the nervous system.</p><p><strong>Mutagenic </strong>(mu-tah-JEN-ik): Pertaining to producing a mutation.</p><p><strong>Mutation </strong>(mu-TA-shun): Change in genetic material (DNA) of a cell.</p><p><strong>Mutism </strong>(MU-tizm): No, or very little, ability to speak.</p><p><strong>Myalgia </strong>(mi-AL-jah): Muscle pain.</p><p><strong>Myasthenia gravis</strong> (mi-as-THE-ne-ah GRAV-is): Autoimmune neuromuscular disorder characterized by weakness of voluntary muscles. Muscles lose strength because of a failure in transmission of the nervous impulse from the nerve to the muscle cell.</p><p><strong>Mycosis </strong>(mi-KO-sis): Disease caused by a fungus.</p><p><strong>Mydriasis </strong>(mih-DRI-ah-sis): Widening of the pupil of the eye.</p><p><strong>Myelin sheath</strong> (MI-eh-lin sheeth): Fatty, white covering over the axon of a nerve cell.</p><p><strong>Myelitis </strong>(mi-eh-LI-tis): Inflammation of the spinal cord.</p><p><strong>Myeloblast </strong>(MI-eh-lo-blast): Immature bone marrow cell that gives rise to granulocytes.</p><p><strong>Myelodysplasia </strong>(mi-eh-lo-dis-PLA-ze-ah): Group of disorders related to the inability of the bone marrow to produce normal blood cells.</p><p><strong>Myelography </strong>(mi-eh-LOG-rah-fe): X-ray image of the spinal cord after injection of contrast into the membranes surrounding the spinal cord.</p><p><strong>Myeloid </strong>(MI-eh-loyd): Relating to bone marrow and growth of cells originating in the bone marrow.</p><p><strong>Myeloma </strong>(mi-eh-LO-mah): Malignant tumor of bone marrow.</p><p><strong>Myelomeningocele </strong>(mi-eh-lo-meh-NIN-jo-seel): Congenital hernia (protrusion) of the spinal cord and meninges through a defect (gap) in the vertebral column. This defect is associated with spina bifida.</p><p><strong>Myelopathy </strong>(mi-el-OP-ah-the): Disease of the spinal cord.</p><p><strong>Myelopoiesis </strong>(mi-eh-lo-poy-E-sis): Formation of bone marrow.</p><p><strong>Myelosuppression </strong>(mi-eh-lo-su-PRE-shun): Bone marrow depression or impaired formation of blood cells (leukopenia, anemia, and thrombocytopenia).</p><p><strong>Myocardial </strong>(mi-o-KAR-de-al): Pertaining to the heart muscle.</p><p><strong>Myocardial infarction</strong> (mi-o-KAR-de-al in-FARK-shun): Area of dead (necrotic) tissue in the heart muscle; heart attack.</p><p><strong>Myocardium </strong>(mi-o-KAR-de-um): Muscular layer of the heart.</p><p><strong>Myoma </strong>(mi-O-mah): Tumor (benign) of muscle.</p><p><strong>Myomectomy </strong>(mi-o-MEK-to-me): Removal of muscle tumors (fibroids) from the uterus.</p><p><strong>Myometrium </strong>(mi-o-ME-tre-um): Muscle layer of the uterus.</p><p><strong>Myoneural </strong>(mi-o-NUR-al): Pertaining to muscle and nerve.</p><p><strong>Myopathy </strong>(mi-OP-ah-the): Disease of muscles.</p><p><strong>Myopia </strong>(mi-O-pe-ah): Nearsightedness; vision condition in which close objects are seen more clearly than objects that are far.</p><p><strong>Myosarcoma </strong>(mi-o-sar-KO-mah): Tumor (malignant) of muscle tissue; a type of sarcoma (tumor of flesh tissue in the body).</p><p><strong>Myositis </strong>(mi-o-SI-tis): Inflammation of muscles.</p><p><strong>Myringitis</strong> (mir-in-JI-tis): Inflammation of the eardrum.</p><p><strong>Myringotomy </strong>(mir-in-GOT-o-me): Incision of the eardrum.</p><p><strong>Myxedema </strong>(mik-seh-DE-mah): Decreased secretion of the thyroid gland in adults.</p><p><strong>Myxoma</strong> (mik-SO-mah): Benign tumor of connective tissue in the heart muscle.</p>
			</div>

		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div><div class="block rendered">
		<div id="7b074a8e-1d17-428a-b3b6-402015fa69b7" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			<div class="static__text--indent">
				<p><span style="color:#CA500F;"><strong>N</strong></span></p><p><strong>Narcissistic personality</strong> (nar-sih-SIS-tik per-son-AL-ih-te): Characterized by grandiose sense of self-importance or preoccupation with fantasies of success or power; self-love without empathy for others.</p><p><strong>Narcolepsy </strong>(NAR-ko-lep-se): Sudden seizures of sleep.</p><p><strong>Narcotic </strong>(nar-KOT-ik): Habit-forming drug that relieves pain by producing stupor and insensibility; morphine and opium.</p><p><strong>Nares </strong>(NA-reez): Openings through the nose carrying air into the nasal cavities.</p><p><strong>Nasal bones</strong> (NA-zal bones): Two facial bones that form the nose.</p><p><strong>Nasogastric intubation </strong>(na-zo-GAS-trik in-tu-BA-shun): Placement of a tube through the nose into the stomach.</p><p><strong>Natural immunity</strong> (NAH-tu-ral ih-MU-nih-te): Protection that an individual is born with to fight infection; such as neutrophils, monocytes, macrophages, and NK cells.</p><p><strong>Nausea </strong>(NAW-ze-ah): Unpleasant sensation in the stomach with a tendency to vomit.</p><p><strong>Necropsy </strong>(NEH-krop-see): Viewing a dead body; used in veterinary medicine.</p><p><strong>Necrosis </strong>(neh-KRO-sis): Condition of death of cells.</p><p><strong>Necrotic</strong> (neh-KROT-ik): Pertaining to death of cells.</p><p><strong>Necrotic tumor</strong> (neh-KROT-ik TU-mor): Tumor that contains dead cells.</p><p><strong>Neoadjuvant chemotherapy</strong> (ne-o-AD-ju-vant ke-mo-THER-ah-pe): Treatment of disease with drugs to assist or enhance before primary treatment, to reduce the size of the tumor.</p><p><strong>Neonatal </strong>(ne-o-NA-tal): Pertaining to a new birth.</p><p><strong>Neonatology </strong>(ne-o-na-TOL-o-je): Study of the medical care of the newborn (neonate).</p><p><strong>Neoplasm </strong>(NE-o-plaz-im): New growth.</p><p><strong>Nephrectomy </strong>(nef-REK-to-me): Removal of a kidney.</p><p><strong>Nephritis </strong>(nef-RI-tis): Inflammation of a kidney.</p><p><strong>Nephrolithiasis </strong>(nef-ro-lih-THI-ah-sis): Abnormal condition of kidney stones.</p><p><strong>Nephrolithotomy </strong>(nef-ro-lih-THOT-o-me): Incision of the kidney to remove a stone.</p><p><strong>Nephrologist </strong>(nef-ROL-o-jist): A specialist in the study of the kidneys.</p><p><strong>Nephrology </strong>(nef-ROL-o-je): Study of the kidneys and kidney disease.</p><p><strong>Nephron </strong>(NEF-ron): Functional unit of the kidney, consisting of a glomerulus, renal tubule, and collecting tubule.</p><p><strong>Nephropathy </strong>(nef-ROP-ah-the): Disease of the kidneys.</p><p><strong>Nephroptosis </strong>(nef-rop-TO-sis): Prolapse of a kidney; floating or wandering kidney.</p><p><strong>Nephrosis </strong>(nef-RO-sis): Abnormal condition of the kidney.</p><p><strong>Nephrostomy </strong>(nef-ROS-to-me): Opening of the kidney to the outside of the body.</p><p><strong>Nephrotic syndrome</strong> (nef-ROT-ik SIN-drohm): Group of symptoms that occur due to loss of protein in the urine. Symptoms include edema (swelling of tissues), hypoalbuminemia (loss of protein from the blood), proteinuria, and susceptibility to infection. This condition is also known as nephrosis.</p><p><strong>Nerve </strong>(nerv): Macroscopic cordlike collection of fibers that carry electrical impulses.</p><p><strong>Neural </strong>(NU-ral): Pertaining to nerves.</p><p><strong>Neuralgia </strong>(nu-RAL-jah): Nerve pain.</p><p><strong>Neurasthenia </strong>(nu-ras-THE-ne-ah): Lack of strength in nerves; a feeling of weakness and exhaustion.</p><p><strong>Neuroblastoma </strong>(nu-ro-blas-TO-mah): Malignant childhood tumor originating in cells of the nervous system.</p><p><strong>Neurocognitive </strong>disorders (nu-ro-KOG-nat-iv dis-OR-derz): Group of psychiatric disorders marked by disturbances in thinking, perception, reasoning, and judgment.</p><p><strong>Neurodevelopmental disorders</strong> (nu-ro-de-VEL-op-men-tal dis-OR-derz): Group of childhood disorders characterized by delays in the development of socialization and communication skills. Examples are autistic spectrum disorders and attention-deficit/ hyperactivity disorder.</p><p><strong>Neurofibromatosis </strong>(nu-ro-fi-bro-mah-TO-sis): Genetic disorder that causes tumors (usually noncancerous) to form in</p><p>nerve tissue.</p><p><strong>Neuroglial cells</strong> (nu-ro-GLE-al selz): Glial cells; Supporting and connective cells of the nervous system. </p><p><strong>Neurohypophysis </strong>(nu-ro-hi-POF-ih-sis): Posterior lobe of the pituitary gland; secretes oxytocin and vasopressin.</p><p><strong>Neuroleptic drug </strong>(nu-ro-LEP-tik drug): Suppresses psychotic symptoms and behavior; used in treatment of psychotic symptoms in schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Examples are aripiprazole (Abilify): and olanzapine (Zyprexa).</p><p><strong>Neurologic </strong>(nu-ro-LOJ-ik): Pertaining to the study of nerves.</p><p><strong>Neurology </strong>(nu-ROL-o-je): Study of nerves and nerve disorders.</p><p><strong>Neuron </strong>(NU-ron): Nerve cell.</p><p><strong>Neuropathy </strong>(nu-ROP-ah-the): Disease of nerves; primarily in the peripheral nervous system.</p><p><strong>Neurotransmitter </strong>(nu-ro-TRANZ-mit-er): Chemical messenger released at the end of a nerve cell.</p><p><strong>Neutropenia </strong>(nu-tro-PE-ne-ah): Deficiency of neutrophils.</p><p><strong>Neutrophil </strong>(NU-tro-fil): White blood cell (granulocytic leukocyte) containing dark staining granules and protecting the body from infection. Neutrophils are the most abundant type of white blood cell. Also called polymorphonuclear leukocyte.</p><p><strong>Neutrophilia </strong>(nu-tro-FIL-e-ah): Increased numbers of neutrophils.</p><p><strong>Nevus; <em>pl</em>. nevi</strong> (NE-vus; NE-vi): Mole (pigmented lesion of the skin).</p><p><strong>Nitrates </strong>(NI-trayts): Drugs used in the treatment of angina. They dilate blood vessels, increasing blood flow and oxygen to myocardial tissue.</p><p><strong>Nitrogenous waste</strong> (ni-TROJ-en-us waste): Substance containing nitrogen and excreted in urine; examples are urea, creatinine, and uric acid.</p><p><strong>Nitroglycerin </strong>(ni-tro-GLIS-er-in): Drug used in the treatment of angina. It dilates coronary arteries so that more blood flows to heart muscle.</p><p><strong>NK cells </strong>(NK sels): Natural killer cells; lymphocytes that are part of the body’s natural immunity.</p><p><strong>Nocturia </strong>(nok-TU-re-ah): Urinary frequency at night.</p><p><strong>Nodular goiter</strong> (NOD-u-lar GOY-ter): Enlargement of the thyroid gland due to growth of nodules (adenomas) on the thyroid gland.</p><p><strong>Nodule </strong>(NOD-ule): Solid, round or oval elevated lesion 1 cm or more in diameter.</p><p><strong>Non-Hodgkin lymphoma</strong> (non-HOJ-kin limf-O-mah): Group of malignant tumors involving lymphoid tissue. Examples are follicular lymphoma and large cell lymphoma.</p><p><strong>Norepinephrine </strong>(nor-ep-ih-NEF-rin): Hormone secreted by the adrenal medulla; increases heart rate and blood pressure. Also called noradrenaline.</p><p><strong>Normal sinus rhythm</strong> (NOR-mal SI-nus RIH-thim): Normal heart rhythm originating in the sinoatrial node; usually 60 to 100 beats per minute.</p><p><strong>Nuclear medicine </strong>(NU-kle-ar MED-ih-sin): Medical specialty that studies the uses of radioactive substances (radionuclides and radiopharmaceuticals).</p><p><strong>Nucleic </strong>(nu-CLA-ik): Pertaining to the nucleus.</p><p><strong>Nucleotide </strong>(NU-kle-o-tide): Unit of DNA (gene) composed of a sugar, phosphate, and a base. The sequence of nucleotides composing a gene is the genetic code.</p><p><strong>Nucleus </strong>(NU-cle-us): Control center of the cell; contains chromosomes and directs activities of the cell.</p><p><strong>Nulligravida </strong>(nul-leh-GRAV-ih-dah): Woman who has never been pregnant.</p><p><strong>Nullipara </strong>(nul-LIH-pah-rah): Woman who has never given birth to an infant.</p><p><strong>Nyctalopia </strong>(nik-tah-LO-pe-ah): Night blindness; difficult, poor vision at night.</p><p><strong>Nystagmus </strong>(nih-STAG-mus): Repetitive, rhythmic movements of one or both eyes.</p>
			</div>

		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div><div class="block rendered">
		<div id="592079b5-e813-4a19-89cb-d37677d51a27" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			<div class="static__text--indent">
				<p><span style="color:#CA500F;"><strong>O</strong></span></p><p><strong>Oblique </strong>(oh-BLEEK): Positioned at an angle; an x-ray view.</p><p><strong>Obsession </strong>(ob-SEH-shun): Involuntary, persistent idea, urge, or emotion.</p><p><strong>Obsessive-compulsive disorder</strong> (ob-SES-iv com-PUL-siv dis-OR-der): Anxiety disorder in which recurrent thoughts and repetitive acts dominate behavior.</p><p><strong>Obstetrics </strong>(ob-STET-riks): Branch of medicine and surgery dealing with the care of women during pregnancy and childbirth.</p><p><strong>Obstructive lung disease</strong> (ob-STRUK-tiv lung dih-ZEEZ): Narrowed airways result in resistance to airflow during breathing. Examples are asthma, bronchiectasis, COPD, and cystic fibrosis.</p><p><strong>Occipital bone </strong>(ok-SIP-ih-tal bone): Posterior portion of the skull (cranium).</p><p><strong>Occlusion </strong>(o-KLU-zhun): Blockage or obstruction.</p><p><strong>Olecranal </strong>(o-LEK-ran-al): Pertaining to the elbow (olecranon).</p><p><strong>Olecranon </strong>(o-LEK-ran-on): Large process on the proximal end of the ulna at the elbow.</p><p><strong>Oligodendroglial cell </strong>(ol-ih-go-den-dro-GLE-al sel): Glial cell that forms the myelin sheath covering the axon of a neuron.</p><p><strong>Oligomenorrhea </strong>(ol-ig-o-men-o-RE-ah): Scanty menstrual flow.</p><p><strong>Oligospermia </strong>(ol-ih-go-SPER-me-ah): Scanty sperm count.</p><p><strong>Oliguria </strong>(ol-ig-U-re-ah): Scanty urination.</p><p><strong>Oncogene </strong>(ON-ko-jeen): Region of DNA in tumor cells (cellular oncogene) or in viruses (viral oncogene) that cause cancer.</p><p><strong>Oncologist </strong>(on-KOL-o-gist): Specialist in the study of tumors; particularly malignant (cancerous) tumors.</p><p><strong>Oncology </strong>(on-KOL-o-je): Study of tumors (malignant tumors).</p><p><strong>Onycholysis </strong>(on-ih-KOL-ih-sis): Loosening of the nail plate with separation from the nail bed.</p><p><strong>Onychomycosis </strong>(on-ih-ko-mi-KO-sis): Fungal infection of a nail.</p><p><strong>Oocyte </strong>(o-o-SITE): Immature egg cell from which an ovum develops.</p><p><strong>Oogenesis </strong>(o-o-JEN-eh-sis): Formation of ova (egg cells).</p><p><strong>Oophorectomy </strong>(oo-fo-REK-to-me): Removal of an ovary.</p><p><strong>Oophoritis </strong>(oo-fo-RI-tis): Inflammation of an ovary.</p><p><strong>Ophthalmic</strong> (of-THAL-mik): Pertaining to the eye.</p><p><strong>Ophthalmologist</strong> (of-thal-MOL-o-jist): Medical doctor specializing in the diseases of the eye.</p><p><strong>Ophthalmology </strong>(of-thal-MOL-o-je): Study of the eye and eye disorders.</p><p><strong>Ophthalmoplegia</strong> (of-thal-mo-PLE-jah): Paralysis of muscles that move the eyeball.</p><p><strong>Ophthalmoscope </strong>(of-THAL-mo-skope): Instrument to visually examine the eyes.</p><p><strong>Ophthalmoscopy</strong> (of-thal-MOS-ko-pe): Visual examination of the interior of the eye.</p><p><strong>Opioid </strong>(O-pe-oyd): Substance either resembling or derived from opium. Examples are cocaine, morphine, and heroin.</p><p><strong>Opportunistic infections </strong>(op-por-too-NIS-tik in-FEK-shunz): Infectious diseases associated with AIDS; toxoplasmosis, tuberculosis, herpes simplex, and pneumocystis carinii pneumonia (PCP).</p><p><strong>Optic chiasm</strong> (OP-tik KI-az-im): Point at which optic nerve fibers cross in the brain.</p><p><strong>Optic disc </strong>(OP-tik disc): Region at the back of the eye where the optic nerve meets the retina. It is the blind spot of the eye because it contains only nerve fibers, no rods or cones, and is thus insensitive to light.</p><p><strong>Optic Nerve </strong>(OP-tik nerv): Cranial nerve carrying impulses from the retina to the brain (cerebral cortex).</p><p><strong>Optical coherence tomography</strong> (OP-tih-kal ko-HEAR-antz to-MOH-grah-fe): Non-invasive imaging technique using light waves to take cross-sectional pictures of the retina.</p><p><strong>Optician </strong>(op-TISH-an): Non-medical professional trained in grinding lenses and fitting eyeglasses.</p><p><strong>Optometrist </strong>(op-TOM-eh-trist): Non-medical professional trained to examine and measure the eye to prescribe and fit eyeglasses and contact lenses.</p><p><strong>Oral </strong>(OR-al): Pertaining to the mouth.</p><p><strong>Oral administration</strong> (OR-al ad-min-is-TRA-shun): Drugs that are given by mouth.</p><p><strong>Oral leukoplakia</strong> (OR-al lu-ko-PLA-ke-ah): White plaques or patches on the mucous membranes of the mouth.</p><p><strong>Orchiectomy </strong>(or-ke-EK-to-me): Removal (excision) of a testis.</p><p><strong>Orchiopexy </strong>(or-ke-o-PEK-se): Surgical fixation of an undescended testis into the scrotum.</p><p><strong>Orchitis </strong>(or-KI-tis): Inflammation of a testis.</p><p><strong>Organ of Corti</strong> (OR-gan of COR-te): Sensitive auditory receptor area found in the cochlea of the inner ear.</p><p><strong>Orifice </strong>(OR-ih-fis): An opening.</p><p><strong>Oropharynx </strong>(or-o-FAR-inks): Central portion of the throat, just beyond the mouth.</p><p><strong>Orthodontist </strong>(or-tho-DON-tist): Dentist specializing in straightening teeth.</p><p><strong>Orthopedics </strong>(or-tho-PE-diks): Surgical specialty devoted to straightening, correcting and treating deformities and diseases in bones.</p><p><strong>Orthopnea</strong> (or-THOP-ne-ah): Abnormal condition in which breathing is only comfortable when a patient is in an upright position.</p><p><strong>Osseous tissue</strong> (OS-e-us TIH-shu): Bone tissue.</p><p><strong>Ossicle </strong>(OS-ih-kel): Small bone in the middle section of the ear; malleus, incus, and stapes are ossicles.</p><p><strong>Ossiculoplasty </strong>(os-ih-ku-lo-PLAS-te): Surgical repair of an ossicle (small bone) of the middle ear.</p><p><strong>Ossification </strong>(os-if-ih-KA-shun): Process of bone formation.</p><p><strong>Osteitis</strong> (os-te-I-tis): Inflammation of bone.</p><p><strong>Osteoarthritis </strong>(os-te-o-ar-THRI-tis): Inflammation of bones and joints. This is a progressive, degenerative joint disease with loss of cartilage and hypertrophy of bone within the joint.</p><p><strong>Osteoblast </strong>(OS-te-o-blast): Bone cell that helps form bony tissue.</p><p><strong>Osteoclast </strong>(OS-te-o-klast): Bone cell that absorbs and removes unwanted bony tissue.</p><p><strong>Osteodystrophy </strong>(os-te-o-DIS-tro-fe): Abnormal development of bone.</p><p><strong>Osteogenesis imperfecta</strong> (os-te-o-JEN-eh-sis im-per-FEK-tah): Genetic disorder involving defective bone development. Bones are brittle and fragile caused by abnormal collagen production; fractures occur with the slightest trauma.</p><p><strong>Osteogenic</strong> (os-te-o-JEN-ik): Pertaining to produced in or by bone.</p><p><strong>Osteogenic sarcoma</strong> (os-te-o-JEN-ik sar-KO-mah): Cancerous (malignant) tumor produced in bone; osteosarcoma.</p><p><strong>Osteomalacia </strong>(os-te-o-mah-LA-shah): Softening of bones.</p><p><strong>Osteomyelitis </strong>(os-te-o-mi-eh-LI-tis): Inflammation of bone and bone marrow secondary to (following) infection.</p><p><strong>Osteopenia </strong>(os-te-o-PE-ne-ah): Deficiency of bone; a precursor of osteoporosis.</p><p><strong>Osteoporosis </strong>(os-te-o-por-O-sis): Decrease in bone density (mass); thinning and weakening of bone.</p><p><strong>Osteosarcoma </strong>(os-te-o-sar-KO-mah): Malignant tumor of bone.</p><p><strong>Osteotome </strong>(OS-te-o-tome): Instrument to cut bone.</p><p><strong>Osteotomy </strong>(os-te-OT-o-me): Incision of a bone.</p><p><strong>Otalgia </strong>(o-TAL-jah): Ear pain.</p><p><strong>Otic </strong>(O-tik): Pertaining the ear.</p><p><strong>Otitis </strong>media (o-TI-tis ME-de-ah): Inflammation of the middle ear.</p><p><strong>Otolaryngologist </strong>(o-to-lah-rin-GOL-o-jist): Specialist (surgeon) in ear, nose, and throat disorders.</p><p><strong>Otomycosis </strong>(o-to-mi-KO-sis): Fungal infection of the ear.</p><p><strong>Otopyorrhea </strong>(o-to-pi-o-RE-ah): Discharge of pus from the ear.</p><p><strong>Otosclerosis </strong>(o-to-skleh-RO-sis): Hardening of the bony tissue of the middle ear.</p><p><strong>Otoscopy</strong> (o-TOS-ko-pe): Visual examination of the ear canal using an otoscope.</p><p><strong>Oval window</strong> (O-val WIN-do): Membrane between the middle ear and the inner ear.</p><p><strong>Ovarian </strong>(o-VAH-re-an): Pertaining to an ovary.</p><p><strong>Ovarian cancer </strong>(o-VAH-re-an KAN-ser): Malignant tumor of the ovary (adenocarcinoma); ovarian carcinoma.</p><p><strong>Ovarian cysts</strong> (o-VAH-re-an sists): Fluid-filed sacs within the ovary.</p><p><strong>Ovarian follicle</strong> (o-VAH-re-an FOL-lih-kul): Tiny sac in the ovary that contains an egg cell (ovum).</p><p><strong>Ovary </strong>(O-vah-re): One of two small glands (female reproductive organs) responsible for egg production and hormone (estrogen and progesterone) secretion.</p><p><strong>Ovulation </strong>(ov-u-LA-shun): Release of the ovum (egg cell) from the ovary.</p><p><strong>Ovum; <em>pl</em>, ova</strong> (O-vum; O-va): Mature egg cell (female gamete).</p><p><strong>Oxygen </strong>(OX-ih-jen): Gas inhaled and entering the bloodstream through the lungs.</p><p><strong>Oxytocia </strong>(ox-e-TO-se-ah): Rapid labor and childbirth.</p><p><strong>Oxytocin </strong>(ox-se-TO-sin): Hormone secreted by the posterior lobe of the pituitary gland; stimulates contractions of the uterus during childbirth.</p>
			</div>

		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div><div class="block rendered">
		<div id="3e23ed06-7750-4301-9ac2-dbe171b63695" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			<div class="static__text--indent">
				<p><span style="color:#CA500F;"><strong>P</strong></span></p><p><strong>Pacemaker </strong>(PACE-ma-ker): Specialized nervous tissue (sinoatrial node) in the right atrial wall; it begins the heartbeat.</p><p><strong>Palate </strong>(PAH-lat): Roof of the mouth; hard palate is the front bony portion and the soft palate is the posterior fleshy part near the throat.</p><p><strong>Palatine tonsil</strong> (PAH-lih-tine TON-sil): One of a pair of almond-shaped masses of lymphatic tissue at the back of the mouth (oral pharynx).</p><p><strong>Palatopharyngoplasty </strong>(pah-lat-o-fah-RIN-jo-plas-te): Surgical repair of the pharynx and palate.</p><p><strong>Palatoplasty </strong>(pah-LAT-to-plas-te): Surgical repair of the palate (roof of the mouth).</p><p><strong>Palliative </strong>(PAH-le-ah-tiv): Relieving symptoms, but not curative.</p><p><strong>Palpation</strong> (pal-PA-shun): Examining by touch.</p><p><strong>Palpebral </strong>(pal-PE-bral): Pertaining to an eyelid.</p><p><strong>Palpitations </strong>(pal-pih-TA-shunz): Uncomfortable sensations in the chest related to cardiac arrhythmias; feeling that your heart is fluttering or pounding.</p><p><strong>Palsy </strong>(PAWL-ze): Paralysis.</p><p><strong>Pancreas </strong>(PAN-kre-as): Gland located under and behind the stomach; produces the hormone insulin to transport sugar to cells and enzymes to digest foods.</p><p><strong>Pancreatectomy </strong>(pan-kre-ah-TEK-to-me): Excision of the pancreas.</p><p><strong>Pancreatic </strong>(pan-kre-AH-tik): Pertaining to the pancreas.</p><p><strong>Pancreatic cancer </strong>(pan-kre-AH-tik KAN-ser): Malignant tumor of the pancreas.</p><p><strong>Pancreatitis </strong>(pan-kre-ah-TI-tis): Inflammation of the pancreas.</p><p><strong>Pancreatoduodenectomy </strong>(pan-kre-ah-to-du-o-deh-NEK-to me): Removal of the pancreas (partial) and duodenum.</p><p><strong>Pancytopenia </strong>(pan-si-to-PE-ne-ah): Deficiency of all (blood) cells.</p><p><strong>Panhypopituitarism </strong>(pan-hi-po-pih-TU-ih-tar-iz-im): Deficiency of all pituitary gland hormones.</p><p><strong>Pap test </strong>(pap test): Microscopic examination of stained cells removed from the vagina and cervix; Pap smear.</p><p><strong>Papillae </strong>(pap-IL-e): Small elevations on the surface of the tongue; containing taste buds.</p><p><strong>Papillary </strong>(PAP-ih-lair-e): Pertaining to nipple-like projections. A papillary tumor forms microscopic nipple-like or finger-like projections of cells.</p><p><strong>Papilledema </strong>(pap-ih-leh-DE-mah): Swelling of the optic disc; associated with increased pressure within the eye.</p><p><strong>Papule </strong>(PAP-ul): Small (less than 1 cm in diameter), solid elevation of the skin; skin tags and pimples (as in acne) are examples.</p><p><strong>Paraaortic nodes</strong> (par-ah-a-OR-tik nodes): Lymph nodes near the aorta in the lumbar (waist) area of the body.</p><p><strong>Paracentesis </strong>(par-ah-sen-TE-sis): Puncture to remove fluid from the abdomen; abdominocentesis.</p><p><strong>Paralysis </strong>(pah-RAL-ih-sis): Destruction of nerve tissue leading to loss of sensation or motion in a part of the body.</p><p><strong>Paranasal sinus </strong>(par-ah-NA-zal SI-nus): One of a pair of air cavities in the bones near the nose.</p><p><strong>Paranephric </strong>(par-ah-NEF-rik): Pertaining to beside or near a kidney.</p><p><strong>Paranoia </strong>(par-ah-NOY-ah): Overly suspicious system of thinking with fixed delusions that one is being harassed, persecuted, or unfairly treated.</p><p><strong>Paranoid personality </strong>(PAR-ah-noyd per-son-AL-ih-te): Characterized by recurrent delusions of persecution and jealousy with suspicion and mistrust of other people.</p><p><strong>Paraphilia </strong>(par-ah-FIL-e-ah): Recurrent, intense sexual urge; fantasy or behavior that involves unusual objects, activities, and situations.</p><p><strong>Paraplegia </strong>(par-ah-PLE-jah): Paralysis of the lower part of the body and both legs.</p><p><strong>Parasympathetic nerves </strong>(par-ah-sim-pah-THET-ik nervz): Involuntary, autonomic nerves that regulate normal body functions, such as heart rate, breathing, and muscles of the gastrointestinal tract.</p><p><strong>Parathormone </strong>(par-ah-THOR-mone): Secreted by the parathyroid glands; increases blood calcium.</p><p><strong>Parathyroid glands</strong> (par-ah-THI-royd glanz): Four endocrine glands on the posterior (dorsal) side of the thyroid gland; secrete parathormone.</p><p><strong>Parathyroidectomy </strong>(par-ah-thi-roy-DEK-to-me): Removal of parathyroid glands.</p><p><strong>Parenchyma </strong>(pah-RENK-ih-mah): Essential, functioning cells of any organ.</p><p><strong>Parenchymal tissue</strong> (pah-RENK-ih-mal TIH-shu): Functional, essential tissue of an organ.</p><p><strong>Parenteral </strong>(par-EN-ter-al): Pertaining to by some route other than through the gastrointestinal tract, as by intravenous injection.</p><p><strong>Parenteral administration </strong>(par-EN-ter-al ad-min-is-TRA-shun): Drugs or nourishment are given intravenously (within a vein), or by any other route besides the intestinal tract.</p><p><strong>Paresis </strong>(pah-RE-sis): Slight paralysis.</p><p><strong>Paresthesia </strong>(pah-res-THE-ze-ah): Abnormal nervous sensation occurring without apparent cause. Examples are tingling, numbness or prickling sensations.</p><p><strong>Parietal bone </strong>(pah-RI-eh-tal bone): One of two bones on either side of the skull.</p><p><strong>Parietal pleura </strong>(pah-RI-eh-tal PLU-rah): Outer layer of the pleura lying closest to the chest wall.</p><p><strong>Parkinson disease </strong>(PAR-kin-sun dih-ZEEZ): Degeneration of nerve cells that produce the neurotransmitter dopamine in the brain; leads to tremors, weakness of muscles, and slowness of movement.</p><p><strong>Paronychia </strong>(par-o-NIK-e-ah): Inflammation and swelling of the skin folds around a nail.</p><p><strong>Paronychium </strong>(par-on-NIK-e-um): Soft tissue surrounding the nail border.</p><p><strong>Parotid gland</strong> (par-OT-id gland): Salivary gland within the cheek, just anterior to the ear.</p><p><strong>Paroxysmal </strong>(par-ox-IZ-mal): Pertaining to a sudden occurrence.</p><p><strong>Parturition </strong>(par-tu-RIH-shun): Act of giving birth.</p><p><strong>Patella </strong>(pah-TEL-ah): Kneecap.</p><p><strong>Patent </strong>(PA-tent): Open.</p><p><strong>Patent</strong> <strong>ductus arteriosus </strong>(PA-tent DUK-tus ar-te-re-O-sus): The ductus arteriosus, a small duct that is open during fetal circulation, fails to close at birth.</p><p><strong>Pathogenesis </strong>(path-o-JEN-eh-sis): Development of disease.</p><p><strong>Pathogenic </strong>(path-o-jen-ic): Pertaining to producing disease.</p><p><strong>Pathologic </strong>(path-o-LOJ-ic): Pertaining to the study of disease.</p><p><strong>Pathologist </strong>(path-OL-o-jist): Specialist in the study of disease; evaluates biopsies, and performs autopsies.</p><p><strong>Pathology </strong>(path-OL-o-je): Study of disease.</p><p><strong>Pediatric </strong>(pe-de-AH-trik): Pertaining to treatment of children.</p><p><strong>Pedophilia </strong>(ped-uh-FIL-e-ah): Need for sexual gratification with a child.</p><p><strong>Pedunculated </strong>(peh-DUNG-ku-la-ted): Possessing a stem or stalk (peduncle).</p><p><strong>Pelvic </strong>(PEL-vik): Pertaining to the pelvis.</p><p><strong>Pelvic cavity </strong>(PEL-vik KAV-ih-te): Space below the abdomen containing portions of the intestines, rectum, urinary bladder, and reproductive organs.</p><p><strong>Pelvic inflammatory disease</strong> (PEL-vik in-FLAM-mah-tor-e dih-ZEEZ): Inflammation and infection of organs in the pelvis and abdomen; salpingitis, oophoritis, endometritis, endocervicitis; PID.</p><p><strong>Pelvic ultrasonography</strong> (PEL-vic ul-trah-son-OG-rah-fe): Recording images of sound waves as they bounce off organs in the pelvic region.</p><p><strong>Penile</strong> (PE-nile): Pertaining to the penis.</p><p><strong>Penis </strong>(PE-nis): Male genital organ composed of erectile tissue.</p><p><strong>Penoscrotal </strong>(pe-no-SKRO-tal): Pertaining to the penis and scrotum.</p><p><strong>Peptic ulcer </strong>(PEP-tic UL-ser): Open sore in the lining of the stomach or duodenum.</p><p><strong>Percussion</strong> (per-KUH-shun): Tapping on the surface of the body to determine the underlying structure.</p><p><strong>Percutaneous </strong>(per-ku-TA-ne-us): Pertaining to through the skin.</p><p><strong>Percutaneous coronary intervention</strong> (per-ku-TA-ne-us KOR-ih-nair-e in-ter-VEN-shun): A catheter with a balloon and stent is inserted into a coronary artery to remove collections of plaque. Drug-eluting stents release chemicals to keep debris and plaque from recollecting.</p><p><strong>Perianal </strong>(peh-re-A-nal): Pertaining to surrounding the anus.</p><p><strong>Pericardial friction rub</strong> (peh-rih-KAR-de-al FRIK-shun rub): Scraping or grating sound heard on auscultation of the heart. It is usually symptomatic of pericarditis.</p><p><strong>Pericardiocentesis </strong>(peh-rih-kar-de-o-sen-TE-sis): Surgical puncture to remove fluid within the pericardial space surrounding the heart.</p><p><strong>Pericarditis </strong>(peh-rih-kar-DI-tis): Inflammation of the pericardium (double-layered outermost membrane of the heart).</p><p><strong>Pericardium </strong>(peh-rih-KAR-de-um): Double-layered membrane surrounding the heart.</p><p><strong>Perilymph </strong>(PEH-rih-limf): Fluid contained in the labyrinth (canals of the inner ear).</p><p><strong>Perimetrium </strong>(peh-rih-ME-tre-um): outermost layer of the uterus; uterine serosa</p><p><strong>Perineorrhaphy </strong>(peh-rih-ne-OR-rah-fe): Suture of the perineum (following an episiotomy).</p><p><strong>Perineum </strong>(peh-rih-NE-um): Area between the anus and vagina in females and the area between the anus and scrotal sac in males.</p><p><strong>Periodontal disease</strong> (peh-re-o-DON-tal dih-ZEEZ): Inflammation and degeneration of gums, teeth, and surrounding bone.</p><p><strong>Periodontal membrane </strong>(peh-re-o-DON-tal MEM-brayn): Membrane that surrounds the tooth in the tooth socket.</p><p><strong>Periodontist </strong>(peh-re-o-DON-tist): Dentist specializing in treating the gums.</p><p><strong>Periosteum </strong>(peh-re-OS-te-um): Membrane surrounding bones.</p><p><strong>Peripheral nervous system </strong>(peh-RIF-er-al NER-vus SIS-tem): Nerves outside the brain and spinal cord; cranial, spinal, and autonomic nerves.</p><p><strong>Peripheral vascular disease</strong> (peh-RIH-fer-al ar-TE-re-al dih-ZEEZ): Blockage of blood vessels outside the heart.</p><p><strong>Peristalsis </strong>(per-ih-STAHL-sis): Rhythmic contractions of the tubes of the gastrointestinal tract and other tubular structures.</p><p><strong>Peritoneal </strong>(peh-rih-to-NE-al): Pertaining to the peritoneum (double-layered membrane surrounding the abdomen).</p><p><strong>Peritoneal dialysis</strong> (peh-rih-to-NE-al di-AL-ih-sis): Separation of nitrogenous wastes from the bloodstream by introducing fluid into the peritoneal cavity. Wastes then leave the bloodstream and enter the fluid, which is drained through an abdominal catheter.</p><p><strong>Peritoneum </strong>(peh-reh-to-NE-um): Double-folded membrane surrounding the abdominal cavity.</p><p><strong>Peritonitis </strong>(peh-rih-to-NI-tis): Inflammation of the peritoneum.</p><p><strong>Pernicious anemia</strong> (per-NIH-shus ah-NE-me-uh): Lack of mature erythrocytes caused by inability to absorb vitamin B12 into the body.</p><p><strong>Personality disorders</strong> (per-son-AL-ih-te dis-OR-derz): Established, lifelong pattern marked by inflexibility and impairment of social functioning.</p><p><strong>Pertussis </strong>(per-TUH-sis): Whooping cough; bacterial infection of the throat, larynx, and trachea.</p><p><strong>PET/CT Scan</strong> (PET-CT skan): Diagnostic procedure combining PET (positron emission tomography) and CT (computed tomography). It is often used to detect metastatic cancer and determine if the cancer is responding to treatment.</p><p><strong>Petechia;<em> pl</em>. petechiae </strong>(peh-TE-ke-ah; peh-TE-ke-i): Small pinpoint hemorrhage under the skin.</p><p><strong>Peyronie disease</strong> (pah-RO-ne dih-zeez): Abnormal curvature of the penis.</p><p><strong>Phacoemulsification</strong> (fa-ko-eh-mul-sih-fih-KA-shun): Cataract removal surgery in which ultrasonic vibrations break up a cloudy lens; the pieces are then aspirated through the ultrasonic probe. A new intraocular lens (IOL) is inserted following phacoemulsification.</p><p><strong>Phagocyte </strong>(FA-go-site): Cell that engulfs another cell or foreign organism and destroys it.</p><p><strong>Phalangeal </strong>(fah-lan-JE-al): Pertaining to finger and toe bones.</p><p><strong>Phalanges </strong>(fah-LAN-jeez): Finger and toe bones.</p><p><strong>Pharmacist </strong>(FAR-mah-sist): Specialist in preparing and dispensing drug.</p><p><strong>Pharmacodynamics </strong>(far-mah-ko-di-NAM-iks): Study of the effects and strength of a drug within the body.</p><p><strong>Pharmacokinetics </strong>(far-mah-ko-kih-NEH-tiks): Calculation of drug concentration in tissues and body fluids over a period of time.</p><p><strong>Pharmacologist </strong>(far-mah-KOL-o-jist): Specialist in the study of the properties, uses, and actions of drugs.</p><p><strong>Pharmacology </strong>(far-mah-KOL-o-je): Study of the properties, uses, and actions of drugs.</p><p><strong>Pharmacy </strong>(FAR-mah-se): Location for preparing and dispensing drugs; study of preparing and dispensing drugs.</p><p><strong>Pharyngeal </strong>(fah-rin-JE-al): Pertaining to the pharynx (throat).</p><p><strong>Pharynx </strong>(FAH-rinks): Throat.</p><p><strong>Phenothiazines </strong>(fe-no-THI-ah-zeenz): Drugs used to treat serious mental illnesses or psychoses. They modify psychotic symptoms (delusions and hallucinations) and behavior.</p><p><strong>Phenylketonuria </strong>(fe-nil-ke-to-NU-re-ah): Excess of phenylketones in the urine; diagnosed by a PKU test at birth.</p><p><strong>Pheochromocytoma </strong>(fe-o-kro-mo-si-TO-mah): Benign tumor of the adrenal medulla; cells stain a dark or dusky (phe/o) color (chrom/o).</p><p><strong>Phimosis </strong>(fih-MO-sis): Narrowing of the opening of the foreskin over the glans penis.</p><p><strong>Phlebotomy</strong> (fleh-BOT-o-me): Incision of a vein (for the removal of blood).</p><p><strong>Phobia </strong>(FO-be-ah): Irrational fear of an object or a situation; claustrophobia (closed spaces), agoraphobia (leaving home or a safe place), and acrophobia (heights) are examples.</p><p><strong>Phosphorus</strong> (FOS-fo-rus): Mineral substance found in bones in combination with calcium.</p><p><strong>Photon therapy</strong> (FO-ton THER-ah-pe): Radiation treatment using x-rays and gamma rays delivered to tumor tissue via a linear accelerator.</p><p><strong>Photophobia </strong>(fo-to-FO-be-ah): Sensitivity to light.</p><p><strong>Photoselective vaporization of the prostate</strong> (fo-to-seh-LEK-tiv va-por-ih-ZA-shun of the PROS-tayt): Removal of tissue to treat benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) using a GreenLight laser.</p><p><strong>Phrenic nerve</strong> (FREN-ik nerv): Carries impulses between the brain and the diaphragm.</p><p><strong>Physiatrist </strong>(fih-ZI-ah-trist): Medical doctor specializing in rehabilitation (physi/o means function).</p><p><strong>Pia mater </strong>(PE-ah MAH-ter): Thin, delicate, and innermost membrane of the meninges.</p><p><strong>Pilonidal cyst </strong>(pi-lo-NI-dal sist): Abnormal sac containing hair and skin debris located near the tail bone.</p><p><strong>Pilosebaceous</strong> (pi-lo-seh-BA-shus): Pertaining to hair follicles and sebaceous glands.</p><p><strong>Pineal gland </strong>(pi-NE-al gland): Small endocrine gland in the center of the brain; secretes melatonin.</p><p><strong>Pinna </strong>(PIN-ah): Auricle; protruding part of the external ear.</p><p><strong>Pituitary gland </strong>(pih-TU-ih-ter-e gland): Endocrine gland at the base of the brain.</p><p><strong>Placenta </strong>(plah-SEN-tah): Vascular organ that develops in the uterine wall during pregnancy.</p><p><strong>Placenta previa </strong>(plah-sen-tah PRE-ve-ah): Abnormal implantation of the placenta over the cervical opening or in the lower region of the uterus.</p><p><strong>Plantar flexion</strong> (PLAN-tar FLEK-shun): Motion that extends the foot downward toward the ground.</p><p><strong>Plasma </strong>(PLAZ-mah): Liquid portion of blood containing proteins, water, salts, nutrients, wastes, hormones, and vitamins.</p><p><strong>Plasma cell</strong> (PLAZ-mah sel): Lymphocyte that secretes antibodies. It matures from B lymphocytes.</p><p><strong>Plasmapheresis </strong>(plaz-mah-feh-RE-sis): Removal of plasma from withdrawn blood.</p><p><strong>Platelet </strong>(PLAYT-let): Clotting cell; thrombocyte.</p><p><strong>Platelet count </strong>(PLAT-let kownt): Number of platelets per cubic millimeter (mm3) or microliter (mL) of blood.</p><p><strong>Plateletpheresis </strong>(playt-let-feh-RE-sis): Separation of platelets from the rest of the blood.</p><p><strong>Play therapy</strong> (play THER-ah-pe): A child, through play, uses toys to express conflicts and feelings that he or she is unable to communicate in a direct manner.</p><p><strong>Pleomorphic </strong>(ple-o-MOR-fik): Pertaining to a variety of shapes or cell types.</p><p><strong>Pleura </strong>(PLUR-ah): Double-layered membrane surrounding each lung.</p><p><strong>Pleural </strong>(PLUR-al): Pertaining to the pleura (double- layered membrane surrounding the lungs).</p><p><strong>Pleural cavity </strong>(PLUR-al KAV-ih-te): Space between the layers of the pleura.</p><p><strong>Pleural effusion</strong> (PLUR-al eh-FU-zhun): Collection of fluid in the pleural cavity.</p><p><strong>Pleural rub</strong> (PLUR-al rub): Scratchy sound produced by inflamed or irritated pleural surfaces rubbing against each other.</p><p><strong>Pleurisy </strong>(PLUR-ih-se): Inflammation of the pleura; pleuritis.</p><p><strong>Pleurodynia </strong>(plur-o-DIN-e-ah): Pain associated with the pleura.</p><p><strong>Plexus </strong>(PLEK-sus): Network of nerves outside of the central nervous system; brachial, cervical, and lumbosacral plexuses are examples.</p><p><strong>Pneumoconiosis </strong>(nu-mo-ko-ne-O-sis): Abnormal lung condition caused by exposure to certain dusts; with chronic inflammation, infection and bronchitis.</p><p><strong>Pneumonectomy </strong>(nu-mo-NEK-to-me): Removal of a lung.</p><p><strong>Pneumonia</strong> (nu-MO-nyah): Acute inflammation and infection of the alveoli of the lungs.</p><p><strong>Pneumonitis </strong>(nu-mo-NI-tis): Inflammation of the lungs.</p><p><strong>Pneumothorax </strong>(nu-mo-THO-rax): Collection of air or gas in the pleural cavity between the pleura.</p><p><strong>Podagra </strong>(po-DAG-rah): Foot pain that occurs in the joint of the big toe in gout (gouty arthritis).</p><p><strong>Poikilocytosis </strong>(poy-kih-lo-si-TO-sis): Variation in the shape of red blood cells.</p><p><strong>Poliomyelitis </strong>(po-le-o-mi-eh-LI-tis): Inflammation of the gray matter of the spinal cord.</p><p><strong>Polyarthritis</strong> (pol-e-arth-RI-tis): Inflammation of many joints.</p><p><strong>Polycystic kidney disease</strong> (pol-e-SIS-tik KID-ne dih-ZEEZ): Kidneys are filled with cysts that prevent normal kidney function.</p><p><strong>Polycythemia vera </strong>(pol-e-si-THE-me-ah VER-ah): Increase in numbers of red blood cells (erythremia).</p><p><strong>Polydipsia </strong>(pol-e-DIP-se-ah): Excessive thirst.</p><p><strong>Polymorphonuclear </strong>(pol-e-mor-fo-NU-kle-ar): Pertaining to a multi-lobed nucleus (in granulocytic white blood cells).</p><p><strong>Polymorphonuclear </strong>leukocyte (pol-e-morf-o-NU-kle-ar lu-ko-site): White blood cell with multi-lobe nucleus and dark-staining granules. These cells fight infection.</p><p><strong>Polymyalgia </strong>(pol-e-mi-AL-jah): Pain of many (several) muscles, especially in the shoulders and hips.</p><p><strong>Polymyositis </strong>(pol-e-mi-o-SI-tis): Inflammation of many muscles.</p><p><strong>Polyneuritis </strong>(pol-e-nu-RI-tis): Inflammation of many nerves.</p><p><strong>Polyphagia </strong>(pol-e-FA-je-ah): Excessive eating.</p><p><strong>Polypoid tumor </strong>(POL-ih-poyd TU-mor): Type of tumor resembling a polyp (benign growth) that protrudes from a base.</p><p><strong>Polyuria </strong>(pol-e-U-re-ah): Excessive urination.</p><p><strong>Pons </strong>(ponz): Part of the brainstem anterior to the cerebellum, between the medulla and the rest of the brain. The pons connects the upper and lower portions of the brain.</p><p><strong>Pore </strong>(por): Tiny opening on the surface of the skin.</p><p><strong>Portal vein</strong> (POR-tal vayn): Large vein bringing blood to the liver from the intestines.</p><p><strong>Positron Emission Tomography </strong>(POS-ih-tron e-MIH-shun to-MOG-rah-fe): Radioactive glucose is injected and then detected in tissues of the body to image the metabolic activity of cells; PET scan.</p><p><strong>Positron emission tomography of the heart </strong>(POS-ih-tron e-MIH-shun to-MOG-rah-fe): Images show blood flow and myocardial function following uptake of radioactive substances; PET scan of the heart.</p><p><strong>Positron emission tomography of the lung</strong> (POS-ih-tron e-MIH-shun to-MOG-rah-fe): Radioactive glucose is injected, and images reveal metabolic activity in the lungs; PET scan of the lung.</p><p><strong>Postauricular </strong>(post-aw-RIK-u-lar): Pertaining to behind the ear.</p><p><strong>Posterior </strong>(pos-TE-re-or): Back or dorsal surface of the body or structure.</p><p><strong>Posteroanterior </strong>(pos-te-ro-an-TE-re-or): In this position, x-ray beams pass from the back to the front of the body.</p><p><strong>Postmortem </strong>(post-MOR-tem): After death.</p><p><strong>Postpartum </strong>(post-PAR-tum): After birth.</p><p><strong>Postprandial </strong>(post-PRAN-de-al): After meals.</p><p><strong>Post-traumatic stress disorder </strong>(post-traw-MAH-tik stres dis-OR-der): Anxiety-related symptoms appear after personal experience of a traumatic event.</p><p><strong>Potassium </strong>(po-TAS-e-um): Chemical element (K) that forms salts with other minerals such as calcium and is vital for bodily processes. When dissolved in water, it is an electrolyte whose balance is regulated by the kidney.</p><p><strong>Precancerous </strong>(pre-KAN-ser-us): Pertaining to occurring before a malignant condition.</p><p><strong>Preeclampsia </strong>(pre-e-KLAMP-se-ah): Abnormal condition associated with pregnancy, marked by high blood pressure, proteinuria, edema, and headache.</p><p><strong>Pregnancy </strong>(PREG-nan-se): Condition of having a developing embryo and fetus in the body for about 40 weeks; gestation.</p><p><strong>Pregnancy test </strong>(PREG-nan-se test): Blood or urine test to detect the presence of the hormone HCG.</p><p><strong>Premolar teeth</strong> (pre-MO-lar teeth): Two teeth before the molars.</p><p><strong>Prenatal </strong>(pre-NA-tal): Pertaining to before birth.</p><p><strong>Prepuce </strong>(PRE-pus): Fold of skin covering the glans penis; foreskin.</p><p><strong>Presbycusis </strong>(prez-be-KU-sis): Progressive loss of hearing, occurring in middle and older age.</p><p><strong>Presbyopia </strong>(prez-be-O-pe-ah): Impairment of vision as a result of old age.</p><p><strong>Primigravida </strong>(prih-mih-GRAV-ih-dah): Woman during her first pregnancy.</p><p><strong>Primipara </strong>(prih-MIH-pah-rah): Woman who has given birth to her first child.</p><p><strong>Primiparous </strong>(pri-MIH-pah-rus): Pertaining to a woman who has given birth to her first child.</p><p><strong>Proctologist </strong>(prok-TOL-o-jist): Specialist in the study of the anus and the rectum.</p><p><strong>Proctosigmoidoscopy </strong>(prok-to-sig-moyd-OS-ko-pe): Visual (endoscopic) examination of the anus, rectum, and sigmoid colon.</p><p><strong>Prodrome </strong>(PRO-drohm): Sign or symptom that appears before the onset of a more serious illness. An example of a prodrome is the fever that signals the onset of a viral illness.</p><p><strong>Progesterone</strong> (pro-JES-te-rone): Hormone secreted by the ovaries; maintains the lining of the uterus during pregnancy.</p><p><strong>Progestin </strong>(pro-JES-tin): Hormone that stimulates the uterine lining during pregnancy and is used in treatment of abnormal uterine bleeding and hormone replacement therapy.</p><p><strong>Prognosis </strong>(prog-NO-sis): Prediction about the outcome of an illness; knowledge beforehand.</p><p><strong>Projective test</strong> (pro-JEK-tiv test): Diagnostic personality test using unstructured stimuli (inkblots, pictures, incomplete sentences) to evoke responses that reflect aspects of an individual’s personality.</p><p><strong>Prolactin </strong>(pro-LAK-tin): Secreted by the anterior lobe of the pituitary gland; promotes milk secretion.</p><p><strong>Prolapse </strong>(PRO-laps): Sliding forward or downward.</p><p><strong>Pronation </strong>(pro-NA-shun): As applied to the hand and forearm, the act of turning the palm down.</p><p><strong>Prone </strong>(prohn): Lying on the belly (face down, palms down).</p><p><strong>Prostate cancer</strong> (PROS-tayt KAN-ser): Malignant tumor (adenocarcinoma) of the prostate gland.</p><p><strong>Prostate gland </strong>(PROS-tayt gland): Gland in men that surrounds the neck of the urinary bladder and urethra. It produces a fluid which, after combining with sperm cells, leaves the body as semen.</p><p><strong>Prostatectomy </strong>(pros-tah-TEK-to-me): Removal (excision) of the prostate gland.</p><p><strong>Prostatitis </strong>(pros-tah-TI-tis): Inflammation of the prostate gland.</p><p><strong>Prosthesis </strong>(pros-THE-sis): Artificial substitute for a missing body part.</p><p><strong>Protease </strong>(PRO-te-ayz): Enzyme that digests protein.</p><p><strong>Protease inhibitors</strong> (PRO-te-ayz in-HIB-ih-torz): Drugs that treat AIDS by blocking the production of protease, a proteolytic enzyme that helps create new viral pieces for HIV.</p><p><strong>Protein marker tests</strong> (PRO-teen MARK-er tests): Measurements of the level of specific proteins in the blood or on the surface of tumor cells; PSA, CA-125, and alpha-fetoprotein are examples.</p><p><strong>Prothrombin </strong>(pro-THROM-bin): Plasma protein converted to thrombin in the clotting process.</p><p><strong>Prothrombin time</strong> (pro-THROM-bin time): Test of the ability of blood to clot.</p><p><strong>Protocol </strong>(PRO-to-kol): Detailed plan for treatment of an illness.</p><p><strong>Proton therapy </strong>(PRO-ton THER-ah-pe): Subatomic particles (protons) produced by a cyclotron deposit absorbed dose of radiation at a finite, focused point in the body.</p><p><strong>Proximal </strong>(PROKS-ih-mal): Near the point of attachment or near the beginning of a structure.</p><p><strong>Pruritus </strong>(pru-RI-tus): Itching.</p><p><strong>Pseudocyesis </strong>(su-do-si-E-sis): False pregnancy.</p><p><strong>Psoriasis </strong>(so-RI-ah-sis): Chronic, recurrent dermatosis marked by itchy, scaly, red plaques covered by silvery gray scales.</p><p><strong>Psychiatrist </strong>(si-KI-ah-trist): Physician who treats the mind and mental disorders.</p><p><strong>Psychiatry </strong>(si-KI-ah-tre): Treatment of the mind.</p><p><strong>Psychoanalysis </strong>(si-ko-an-AL-ih-sis): Form of psychotherapy in which the patient explores his or her unconscious emotions and past to understand and change current behavior and feelings.</p><p><strong>Psychodrama</strong> (si-ko-dra-mah): Group therapy in which a patient expresses feelings by acting out roles with other patients.</p><p><strong>Psychogenic</strong> (si-ko-JEN-ik): Pertaining to produced within the mind, having emotional and psychologic origin, rather than a physical cause.</p><p><strong>Psychologist </strong>(si-KOL-o-jist): Individual (Ph.D, Psy.D, or Ed.D) specializing mental processes and how the brain functions in health and disease; treats patients with psychotherapy, but in most states cannot prescribe drugs.</p><p><strong>Psychology</strong> (si-KOL-o-je): Study of the mind.</p><p><strong>Psychopharmacology</strong> (si-ko-far-mah-KOL-o-je): Treatment of psychiatric disorders with drugs.</p><p><strong>Psychosis </strong>(si-KO-sis): Loss of contact with reality; often with delusions and hallucinations.</p><p><strong>Psychosomatic </strong>(si-ko-so-MAT-ik): Pertaining to the inter-relationship of the mind (psych/o) and body (somat/o).</p><p><strong>Psychotherapy </strong>(si-ko-THER-ah-pe): Treatment of the mind; talk therapy for mental disorders and emotional difficulties.</p><p><strong>Ptosis </strong>(TO-sis): Prolapse, drooping, sagging of the upper eyelid.</p><p><strong>Puberty </strong>(PU-ber-te): Period of adolescence at which secondary sex characteristics appear and gametes are produced.</p><p><strong>Pubic </strong>(PU-bik): Pertaining to the anterior part of the pelvis.</p><p><strong>Pubic symphysis</strong> (PU-bik SIM-fih-sis): Junction of the two pubic bones in the anterior of the pelvis.</p><p><strong>Pubis </strong>(PU-bis): One of two bones forming the front portion of the pelvis.</p><p><strong>Pulmonary </strong>(PUL-mo-nair-e): Pertaining to the lungs.</p><p><strong>Pulmonary parenchyma</strong> (pul-mo-NAIR-e pah-RENK-ih-mah): Essential parts of the lungs responsible for respiration; bronchioles and alveoli.</p><p><strong>Pulmonary abscess </strong>(PUL-mo-nair-e AB-ses): Collection of pus in the lungs.</p><p><strong>Pulmonary artery</strong> (PUL-mo-ner-e AR-teh-re): Blood vessel carrying oxygen-poor blood from the right ventricle of the heart to the lungs.</p><p><strong>Pulmonary circulation</strong> (PUL-mo-ner-e ser-ku-LA-shun): Flow of blood from the heart to the lungs and then back to the heart.</p><p><strong>Pulmonary edema</strong> (PUL-mo-nair-e eh-DE-mah): Collection fluid in air sacs and bronchioles of the lung.</p><p><strong>Pulmonary embolism</strong> (PUL-mo-nair-e EM-bo-liz-im): Clot or material from a distant vein that blocks a blood vessel in the lung.</p><p><strong>Pulmonary fibrosis</strong> (PUL-mo-nair-e fi-BRO-sis): Formation of scar tissue in the connective tissue of the lung.</p><p><strong>Pulmonary function tests </strong>(PUL-mo-nair-e FUNK-shun tests): Tests that measure the ventilation (breathing) mechanics of the lungs.</p><p><strong>Pulmonary infarction</strong> (PUL-mo-nair-e in-FARK-shun): Area of necrosis (death of cells) in lung tissue.</p><p><strong>Pulmonary valve</strong> (PUL-mo-nair-e valv): Valve between the right ventricle and the pulmonary artery.</p><p><strong>Pulmonary vein</strong> (PUL-mo-nair-e vayn): One of two pairs of vessels carrying oxygenated blood from the lungs to the left atrium of the heart.</p><p><strong>Pulp </strong>(pulp): Soft tissue with a tooth containing nerves and blood vessels.</p><p><strong>Pulse </strong>(puls): Beat of the heart as felt through the walls of the arteries.</p><p><strong>Pupil </strong>(PU-pil): Central opening of the eye, surrounded by the iris, through which light rays pass. It appears dark.</p><p><strong>Pupillary </strong>(PU-pih-lair-e): Pertaining to the pupil of the eye.</p><p><strong>Purgative </strong>(PUR-gat-ive): Drug that relieves constipation and is a strong cathartic.</p><p><strong>Purpura </strong>(PUR-pur-ah): Multiple pinpoint hemorrhages and accumulation of blood under the skin caused by deficiency of clotting cells (platelets).</p><p><strong>Purulent </strong>(PU-ru-lent): Pus-filled; forming or containing pus.</p><p><strong>Pustule </strong>(PUS-tule): Small abscess (collection of pus) on the skin; a papule containing pus.</p><p><strong>Pyelogram </strong>(PI-eh-lo-gram): X-ray record of the kidneys (renal pelvis) and urinary tract after contrast is injected (intravenously or retrograde).</p><p><strong>Pyelolithotomy </strong>(pi-el-o-lith-OT-o-me): Incision to remove a stone from the renal pelvis of the kidney.</p><p><strong>Pyelonephritis </strong>(pi-el-o-nef-RI-tis): Inflammation of the renal pelvis and kidney; caused by bacterial infection.</p><p><strong>Pyloric sphincter </strong>(pi-LOR-ik SFINK-ter): Ring of muscles that surrounds the opening of the stomach to the duodenum.</p><p><strong>Pyloric stenosis</strong> (pi-LOR-ik steh-NO-sis): Narrowing of the pyloric sphincter (opening of the stomach to the duodenum); often occurs in infants between birth and 6 months of age.</p><p><strong>Pyloroplasty </strong>(pi-LOR-o-plas-te): Surgical repair of the pyloric sphincter.</p><p><strong>Pylorospasm </strong>(pi-LOR-o-spaz-im): Involuntary contraction of muscles at the pyloric sphincter.</p><p><strong>Pylorus </strong>(pi-LOR-us): Distal region of the stomach near the duodenum.</p><p><strong>Pyoderma </strong>(pi-o-DER-mah): Skin disease with formation of pus.</p><p><strong>Pyorrhea</strong> (pi-or-RE-ah): Discharge of pus from the gums.</p><p><strong>Pyosalpinx </strong>(pi-o-SAL-pinks): Pus in a fallopian tube.</p><p><strong>Pyothorax </strong>(pi-o-THO-rax): Pus collection in the pleural cavity; empyema.</p><p><strong>Pyrexia </strong>(pi-REK-se-ah): Fever.</p><p><strong>Pyromania </strong>(pi-ro-MA-ne-ah): Strong impulse (obsessive urge) to set objects on fire.</p><p><strong>Pyuria </strong>(pi-U-re-ah): Pus in urine; sign of urinary tract infection (UTI).</p>
			</div>

		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div><div class="block rendered">
		<div id="cb828b91-f182-4f33-961e-326d14639d81" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			<div class="static__text--indent">
				<p><span style="color:#CA500F;"><strong>Q</strong></span></p><p><strong>Quadriplegia </strong>(kwod-rih-PLE-jah): Paralysis of all four limbs; both arms and both legs.</p>
			</div>

		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div><div class="block rendered">
		<div id="42d5aac1-4e9d-4c9d-9113-53e3ad1f603b" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			<div class="static__text--indent">
				<p><span style="color:#CA500F;"><strong>R</strong></span></p><p><strong>Radial </strong>(RA-de-al): Pertaining to the radius, a bone in the lower arm (thumb side of the wrist).</p><p><strong>Radiation </strong>(ra-de-A-shun): Energy carried by a stream of particles.</p><p><strong>Radiation fields</strong> (ra-de-A-shun feeldz): Dimensions of the size of radiation area used to treat a tumor from a specific angle.</p><p><strong>Radiculitis </strong>(rah-dik-u-LI-tis): Inflammation of a spinal nerve root.</p><p><strong>Radiculopathy </strong>(rah-dik-u-LOP-ah-the): Disease of a spinal nerve root.</p><p><strong>Radiocurable tumor</strong> (ra-de-o-KYOOR-a-bl TU-mor): Tumor cells that are destroyed with radiotherapy.</p><p><strong>Radiographer </strong>(ra-de-OG-rah-fer): One who assists a radiologist in performing diagnostic x-ray procedures.</p><p><strong>Radioimmunoassay </strong>(ra-de-o-ih-mew-no-AS-a): Test combines radioactive chemicals and antibodies to detect minute quantities of substances in a patient’s blood.</p><p><strong>Radioisotope </strong>(ra-de-o-I-so-tope): Radioactive form of an element; radionuclide.</p><p><strong>Radiolabeled compound</strong> (ra-de-o-LA-beld KOM-pownd): Radiopharmaceutical; used in nuclear medicine studies.</p><p><strong>Radiology </strong>(ra-de-OL-o-je): Study of x-ray and other energy sources in the diagnosis of disease.</p><p><strong>Radiolucent </strong>(ra-de-o-LU-sent): Permitting the passage of x-rays.</p><p><strong>Radionuclide </strong>(ra-de-o-NU-klide): Radioactive form of an element; gives off energy in the form of radiation; radioisotope.</p><p><strong>Radionuclide scans</strong> (ra-de-o-NU-klide skanz): Radioactive substances (radionuclides) are injected intravenously and scans (images) are taken of organs.</p><p><strong>Radiopaque </strong>(rad-de-o-PAYK): Obstructing the passage of x- rays.</p><p><strong>Radiopharmaceutical </strong>(ra-de-o-far-mah-SU-tih-kal): Radioactive drug (radionuclide plus a drug) that is administered safely for diagnostic and therapeutic purposes.</p><p><strong>Radioresistant tumor</strong> (ra-de-o-re-ZIS-tant TU-mor): Tumor cells that require large doses of radiation to be destroyed.</p><p><strong>Radiosensitive tumor </strong>(ra-do-o-SEN-sih-tiv TU-mor): Tumor in which radiation can cause death of cells without damage to surrounding tissue.</p><p><strong>Radiosensitizers </strong>(ra-de-o-SEN-sih-ti-zerz): Drugs that increase the sensitivity of tumor cells to x- rays.</p><p><strong>Radiotherapy </strong>(ra-de-o-THER-ah-pe): Treatment using radiation, high- energy x-rays or other radiation sources; also called radiation therapy or radiation oncology.</p><p><strong>Radius </strong>(RA-de-us): Bone in the lower arm on the thumb side of the wrist.</p><p><strong>Rales </strong>(raylz): Abnormal, fine, crackling sounds heard on auscultation when there is fluid in the alveoli.</p><p><strong>Raynaud disease</strong> (ra-NO dih-ZEEZ): Recurrent episodes of pallor and cyanosis in fingers and toes caused by blood vessel spasms.</p><p><strong>Reabsorption </strong>(re-ab-SORP-shun): Process in the kidney by which the renal tubules return materials necessary to the body back into the bloodstream.</p><p><strong>Reality testing</strong> (re-AL-ih-te): Assessment of ability to perceive fact from fantasy.</p><p><strong>Receptor </strong>(re-SEP-tor): Organ that receives and transmits a stumuls to sensory nerves; examples are skin, ears, eyes, and taste buds. In pharmacology, a receptor is a target substance with which a drug interacts in the body.</p><p><strong>Recombinant DNA</strong> (re-KOM-bin-ant DNA): Insertion of a gene (region of DNA) from one organism into the DNA of another.</p><p><strong>Rectal administration </strong>(REK-tal ad-min-is-TRA-shun): Drugs are inserted through the anus into the rectum.</p><p><strong>Rectal carcinoma</strong> (REK-tal kar-sih-NO-mah): Cancer of the rectum.</p><p><strong>Rectocele</strong> (REK-to-seel): Hernia of the rectum.</p><p><strong>Rectum </strong>(REK-tum): Last section of the large intestine (colon).</p><p><strong>Recumbent </strong>(re-KUM-bent): Lying down (prone or supine).</p><p><strong>Red blood cell count</strong> (red blood sel kownt): Number of erythrocytes per cubic millimeter or microliter of blood.</p><p><strong>Red blood cell morphology</strong> (red blud sel mor-FOL-o-je): Microscopic examination of a stained blood smear to determine the shape of individual red blood cells.</p><p><strong>Red bone marrow</strong> (red bone MAH-row): Soft spongy tissue found in the interior of flat bones such as the hip and breast bone; site of hematopoiesis (formation of blood cells).</p><p><strong>Reduction </strong>(reh-DUK-shun): Reconnection of a bone to its normal position after a fracture.</p><p><strong>Refraction </strong>(re-FRAK-shun): Bending of light rays by the cornea, lens, and fluids of the eye to bring the rays into focus on the retina.</p><p><strong>Relapse </strong>(RE-laps): Sliding or falling back; as in return of illness after apparent recovery.</p><p><strong>Remission </strong>(re-MIH-shun): Return to good health; signs and symptoms of disease are gone.</p><p><strong>Renal </strong>(RE-nal): Pertaining to the kidney.</p><p><strong>Renal angiography </strong>(RE-nal an-je-OG-rah-fe): X-ray record of blood vessels of the kidney after injecting contrast material.</p><p><strong>Renal angioplasty</strong> (RE-nal AN-je-o-plas-te): Dilation of narrowed areas in renal arteries.</p><p><strong>Renal artery</strong> (RE-nal AR-teh-re): Blood vessel that carries blood to the kidney.</p><p><strong>Renal calculi </strong>(RE-nal KAL-ku-li): Kidney stones.</p><p><strong>Renal cell carcinoma</strong> (RE-nal sel kar-sih-NO-mah): Malignant tumor of the kidney in an adult.</p><p><strong>Renal colic</strong> (RE-nal KOL-ik): Severe pain resulting from stones (calculi) in a ureter or in the kidney (renal pelvis).</p><p><strong>Renal failure</strong> (RE-nal FAYL-yur): Failure of the kidneys to produce and excrete urine.</p><p><strong>Renal hypertension </strong>(RE-nal hi-per-TEN-shun): High blood pressure resulting from kidney disease.</p><p><strong>Renal ischemia </strong>(RE-nal is-KE-me-ah): Condition in which blood is held back from the kidney, often by blockage of renal arteries and arterioles.</p><p><strong>Renal pelvis</strong> (RE-nal PEL-vis): Central collecting chamber of the kidney.</p><p><strong>Renal transplantation</strong> (RE-nal trans-plan-TA-shun): Surgical transfer of a kidney from a donor to a recipient.</p><p><strong>Renal tubule</strong> (RE-nal TU-bule): Microscopic tube in the kidney where urine is formed after filtration.</p><p><strong>Renal vein </strong>(RE-nal vayn): Blood vessel that carries blood away from the kidney and back toward the heart.</p><p><strong>Renin </strong>(RE-nin): Hormone synthesized, stored and secreted by the kidney to raise blood pressure.</p><p><strong>Repression </strong>(re-PREH-shun): Defense mechanism by which unacceptable thoughts, feelings, and impulses are automatically pushed into the unconscious.</p><p><strong>Resection </strong>(re-SEK-shun): Removal (excision) of an organ or part of the body.</p><p><strong>Resistance </strong>(re-SIS-tans): Lack of beneficial drug response.</p><p><strong>Respiration </strong>(res-pih-RA-shun): Exchange of gases (oxygen and carbon dioxide): at the lung capillaries (external respiration or breathing) and at the tissue capillaries (internal respiration).</p><p><strong>Respiratory drug</strong> (res-pih-rah-TOR-e drug): Treats asthma, emphysema, and infections that affect breathing; bronchodilators are respiratory drugs.</p><p><strong>Response </strong>(re-SPONS): Desired and beneficial effect of a drug.</p><p><strong>Restrictive lung disease</strong> (re-STRIK-tiv lung dih-ZEEZ): Condition in which lung expansion is limited by disease that affects the chest wall, pleura or lung tissue itself. Examples are pulmonary fibrosis, radiation damage, and pneumoconiosis.</p><p><strong>Reticulocyte </strong>(reh-TIK-u-lo-site): Immature erythrocyte; a network (reticulum) of strands is seen after staining the cell with special dyes.</p><p><strong>Retina </strong>(RET-ih-nah): Light-sensitive nerve cell layer of the eye containing photoreceptor cells (rods and cones).</p><p><strong>Retinal detachment </strong>(RET-ih-nal de-TACH-ment): Two layers of the retina separate from each other.</p><p><strong>Retinitis pigmentosa </strong>(ret-ih-NI-tis pig-men-TO-sah): Inflammation of the retina with pigmentation and progressive scarring of tissue.</p><p><strong>Retinoblastoma </strong>(reh-tin-o-blas-TO-mah): Malignant tumor of the retina of the eye; childhood malignancy.</p><p><strong>Retrocardiac </strong>(reh-tro-KAR-de-ak): Pertaining to behind the heart.</p><p><strong>Retroflexion </strong>(re-tro-FLEK-shun): Bending backward.</p><p><strong>Retrograde pyelogram</strong> (REH-tro-grade PI-el-o-gram): X-ray record of the kidney, ureters, and urinary bladder after injection of contrast material through a urinary catheter into the ureters.</p><p><strong>Retroperitoneal </strong>(reh-tro-peh-rih-to-NE-al): Pertaining to behind the peritoneum (membrane surrounding the abdominal cavity).</p><p><strong>Retroversion </strong>(re-tro-VER-zhun): Tipping backward of an organ or a part of the body; as in the uterus.</p><p><strong>Reverse transcriptase inhibitor</strong> (re-VERS trans-SCRIPT-ayz in-hib-ih-tor): Drug used to treat AIDS by blocking an enzyme (reverse transcriptase), needed to make copies of HIV.</p><p><strong>Rh factor</strong> (R-h FAK-tor): Antigen (protein) on red blood cells of Rh positive individuals.</p><p><strong>Rhabdomyolysis </strong>(rab-do-mi-OL-ah-sis): Breakdown of damaged skeletal muscle.</p><p><strong>Rhabdomyoma </strong>(rab-do-mi-O-mah): Benign tumor of striated, voluntary muscle (attached to bones).</p><p><strong>Rhabdomyosarcoma </strong>(rab-do-mi-o-sar-KO-mah): Malignant tumor of striated, voluntary muscle.</p><p><strong>Rheumatic heart disease</strong> (ru-MAT-ik hart dih-ZEEZ): Heart disease caused by rheumatic fever.</p><p><strong>Rheumatoid arthritis </strong>(RU-mat-oyd ar-THRI-tis): Chronic joint condition with inflammation and pain; caused by autoimmune reaction against joint tissues.</p><p><strong>Rheumatoid factor test</strong> (RU-mat-oyd FAK-tor test): Serum (blood minus clotting proteins and cells) is tested for the presence of an antibody found in many patients with rheumatoid arthritis.</p><p><strong>Rheumatologist </strong>(ru-mat-OL-o-jist): Medical doctor specializing in diagnosis and treatment of joint disorders.</p><p><strong>Rhinitis </strong>(ri-NI-tis): Inflammation of the nose.</p><p><strong>Rhinoplasty </strong>(RI-no-plas-te): Surgical repair of the nose.</p><p><strong>Rhinorrhea </strong>(ri-no-RE-ah): Discharge of mucus from the nose.</p><p><strong>Rhonchi </strong>(RONG-ki): Loud, rumbling sounds heard on auscultation of bronchi that are obstructed by sputum.</p><p><strong>Rhytidectomy </strong>(rih-tih-DEK-to-me): Plastic surgery to remove wrinkles and other signs of aging.</p><p><strong>Ribonucleic acid </strong>(ri-bo-nu-KLE-ik AS-id): Cellular substance that, along with DNA, plays a role in protein synthesis.</p><p><strong>Ribs </strong>(ribz): Twelve pairs of curved bones that form the chest wall.</p><p><strong>Right lymphatic duct</strong> (rite limf-FAH-tik dukt): Receives lymph from the right side of the body and empties lymph into a vein in the neck.</p><p><strong>Rod</strong> (rod): Photoreceptor cell of the retina essential for vision in low light and for peripheral vision.</p><p><strong>Rotation </strong>(ro-TA-shun): Circular movement around an axis (central point).</p><p><strong>Rubella </strong>(ru-BEL-ah): Exanthemous viral disease; German measles.</p><p><strong>Rubeola </strong>(ru-be-O-lah): Exanthemous viral disease; measles.</p><p><strong>Rugae </strong>(RU-guy): Ridges on the hard palate and the wall of the stomach.</p>
			</div>

		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div><div class="block rendered">
		<div id="862f8c68-f406-433e-9552-eed170f63fb9" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			<div class="static__text--indent">
				<p><span style="color:#CA500F;"><strong>S</strong></span></p><p><strong>Sacral </strong>(SA-kral): Pertaining to the sacrum.</p><p><strong>Sacral vertebrae</strong> (SA-kral VER-teh-bray): Bones of the sacrum (lower back below the lumbar region).</p><p><strong>Sacrum </strong>(SA-krum): Large, triangular bone of the back (spine).</p><p><strong>Sagittal plane </strong>(SAJ-ih-tal playn): Lengthwise vertical plane dividing the body or structure into a right and left sides; lateral plane.</p><p><strong>Saliva </strong>(sah-LI-vah): Digestive juice produced by salivary glands.</p><p><strong>Salivary glands </strong>(SAL-ih-var-e glandz): Three pairs of exocrine glands secreting saliva into the mouth; parotid glands, sublingual glands, and submandibular glands.</p><p><strong>Salpingectomy </strong>(sal-pin-JEK-to-me): Removal of a fallopian tube.</p><p><strong>Salpingitis </strong>(sal-pin-JI-tis): Inflammation of a fallopian tube.</p><p><strong>Salpingopharyngeal </strong>(sal-ping-go-fah-RIN-ge-al): Pertaining to the eustachian tube and the throat.</p><p><strong>Sarcoidosis </strong>(sar-koy-DO-sis): Chronic inflammatory disease of unknown cause in which small nodules or tubercles develop in lungs, lymph nodes, and other organs.</p><p><strong>Sarcoma </strong>(sar-KO-mah): Tumor (malignant) of flesh tissue such as bone, muscle, fat, and cartilage.</p><p><strong>Sarcopenia </strong>(sar-ko-PE-ne-ah): Loss of muscle mass and strength; associated with aging.</p><p><strong>Scabies </strong>(SKA-beez): Contagious, parasitic infection of the skin with intense pruritus (itching).</p><p><strong>Scan </strong>(skan): Image of an area, organ, or tissue of the body obtained from ultrasound, radioactive tracer studies, or computed tomography.</p><p><strong>Scapula </strong>(SKAP-u-lah): Shoulder blade.</p><p><strong>Scapular </strong>(SKAP-u-lar): Pertaining to the shoulder blade.</p><p><strong>Schedule </strong>(SKED-ule): The exact timing and frequency of drug administration.</p><p><strong>Schizoid personality</strong> (SKIT-zoyd): Emotionally cold and aloof, as if split off from other people; indifferent to praise or criticism or to the feelings of others. </p><p><strong>Schizophrenia </strong>(skit-zo-FREN-e-ah): Psychosis marked by withdrawal from reality into an inner world of disorganized thinking and conflict.</p><p><strong>Sciatic nerve</strong> (si-AH-tik nerv): Extends from the base of the spine down the thigh, lower leg, and foot. Sciatica is pain along the course of the nerve.</p><p><strong>Sciatica </strong>(si-AH-tih-kah): Pain or inflammation along the course of the sciatic nerve.</p><p><strong>Scintigraphy </strong>(SIN-tih-grah-fe): Diagnostic nuclear medicine test using radiopharmaceuticals and gamma cameras to create images.</p><p><strong>Scirrhous </strong>(SKIR-us): Pertaining to hard, densely packed tumors, overgrown with fibrous tissue.</p><p><strong>Sclera </strong>(SKLEH-rah): Tough, white outer coat of the eyeball.</p><p><strong>Scleral buckle </strong>(SKLEH-ral BUK-el): Suture of a silicone band to the sclera over a detached portion of the retina.</p><p><strong>Scleritis </strong>(skleh-RI-tis): Inflammation of the sclera.</p><p><strong>Scleroderma </strong>(skleh-ro-DER-mah): Chronic progressive disease of the skin and internal organs with hardening and shrinking of connective tissue.</p><p><strong>Scoliosis </strong>(sko-le-O-sis): Abnormal condition of lateral (sideways) curvature of the spine.</p><p><strong>Scotoma </strong>(sko-TO-mah): Blind spot in the field of vision.</p><p><strong>Scrotum </strong>(SKRO-tum): Sac that contains the testes and associated organs.</p><p><strong>Sebaceous gland</strong> (se-BA-shus gland): Oil-secreting gland in the dermis; associated with hair follicles.</p><p><strong>Seborrhea </strong>(seb-o-RE-ah): Condition marked by excessive secretion from sebaceous glands.</p><p><strong>Seborrheic dermatitis </strong>(seb-o-RE-ik der-mah-TI-tis): Inflammation of the skin with excessive secretion from sebaceous glands.</p><p><strong>Sebum </strong>(SE-bum): Oily substance secreted by sebaceous glands in the skin.</p><p><strong>Secondary hypertension </strong>(SEK-on-dair-e hi-per-TEN-shun): High blood pressure caused by kidney disease or other disorders.</p><p><strong>Secondary tumors</strong> (SEK-on-dair-e TU-morz): New types of tumors, originating at a site separate from the primary tumor.</p><p><strong>Sedative </strong>(SED-ah-tiv): Drug that induces calmness, promotes sleep, and helps lessen anxiety.</p><p><strong>Sella turcica</strong> (SEL-ah TUR-sik-ah): Cavity in the sphenoid bone at the base of the skull where the pituitary gland is located.</p><p><strong>Semen </strong>(SE-men): Fluid discharged at ejaculation; consisting of sperm cells and secretions from the prostate gland, seminal vesicles, and bulbourethral glands.</p><p><strong>Semen analysis</strong> (SE-men ah-NAL-ih-sis): Microscopic examination of ejaculated fluid.</p><p><strong>Semicircular canals </strong>(seh-me-SER-ku-lar kah-NALZ): Passages in the inner ear associated with maintaining equilibrium.</p><p><strong>Seminal vesicles </strong>(SEH-min-al VES-ik-ils): Pair of male exocrine glands lying behind the urinary bladder and opening into the vas deferens.</p><p><strong>Seminiferous tubules</strong> (seh-mih-NIF-er-us TOOB-ulez): Narrow, coiled tubules that produce sperm in the testes.</p><p><strong>Seminoma </strong>(seh-mih-NO-mah): Malignant tumor of a testis.</p><p><strong>Sensory nerve</strong> (SEN-sor-e nerv): Carries messages to the brain and spinal cord from a receptor; afferent nerve.</p><p><strong>Septal defects </strong>(SEP-tal DE-fekts): Small holes, present at birth, in the walls between the heart chambers.</p><p><strong>Septum; <em>pl</em>. septa</strong> (SEP-tum; SEP-ta): Wall or partition. The interatrial septum lies between the atria of the heart and the interventricular septum is between the ventricles of the heart.</p><p><strong>Serous </strong>(SER-us): Pertaining to a clear fluid (serum) that remains after blood has clotted. Serous tumors are cystic tumors filled with a thin, water fluid, resembling serum.</p><p><strong>Serum </strong>(SER-um): Plasma minus clotting proteins (prothrombin and fibrinogen) and clotting cells.</p><p><strong>Serum calcium</strong> (SER-um KAL-se-um test): Measurement of calcium level in serum (blood minus clotting proteins and cells).</p><p><strong>Serum creatine kinase</strong> (SER-um KRE-ah-tine KI-nays): Measurement of the enzyme creatine kinase in serum; increased levels occur in muscular dystrophy, polymyositis, rhabdomyolysis, and traumatic injuries.</p><p><strong>Sessile </strong>(SEH-sile): Type of polyp that extends from a broad base as opposed to growing on a stalk.</p><p><strong>Severe combined immunodeficiency disease </strong>(seh-VEER kom-BINED ih-mu-no-deh-FIH-shen-se dih- ZEEZ): Condition present at birth marked by a deficiency of B cells and T cells resulting in a lack of immunity.</p><p><strong>Sex hormones</strong> (sex HOR-mones): Steroids (androgens and estrogens) produced by the adrenal cortex to influence male and female sexual characteristics.</p><p><strong>Sexual dysfunctions</strong> (SEX-u-al dis-FUNK-shunz): Disturbances in a person’s ability to respond sexually or to experience sexual pleasure.</p><p><strong>Sexual masochism</strong> (SEX-u-al): Sexual gratification gained by being mutilated, beaten, or bound or otherwise made to suffer by another person.</p><p><strong>Sexual sadism </strong>(SEX-u-al SA-dizm): Sexual gratification gained by inflicting physical or psychologic pain or harm on others.</p><p><strong>Shingles </strong>(SHING-ulz): Viral (herpes zoster) illness that affects peripheral nerves; produces blisters and pain on the skin overlying the path of peripheral nerves.</p><p><strong>Sialadenectomy </strong>(si-al-ah-deh-NEK-to-me): Removal (excision) of a salivary gland.</p><p><strong>Sialadenitis </strong>(si-al-ah-deh-NI-tis): Inflammation of a salivary gland.</p><p><strong>Sialolith </strong>(si-AL-o-lith): Salivary gland stone; lodged in a salivary gland or duct.</p><p><strong>Sickle cell anemia</strong> (SIK-el sel ah-NE-me-uh): Hereditary of abnormal hemoglobin producing sickle-shaped erythrocytes and hemolysis.</p><p><strong>Side effect </strong>(side eh-FEKT): Adverse effect that routinely results from the use of a drug.</p><p><strong>Sideropenia </strong>(si-der-o-PE-ne-ah): Deficiency of iron in the blood.</p><p><strong>Sigmoid colon</strong> (SIG-moyd KO-lon): Lower, s-shaped segment of the colon, just before the rectum.</p><p><strong>Sigmoidoscopy </strong>(sig-moyd-OS-ko-pe): Visual endoscopic examination of the sigmoid colon.</p><p><strong>Silicosis</strong> (sil-ih-KO-sis): Silica glass dust collects in the lungs; a type of pneumoconiosis.</p><p><strong>Simulation </strong>(sim-u-LA-shun): Study prior to radiation therapy using CT scan or MRI to map treatment. It is required for all patients undergoing radiation therapy.</p><p><strong>Single photon emission computed tomography</strong> (SING-il FO-ton e-MIH-shun com-PU-ted to-MOG-rah-fe): Radioactive tracer is injected intravenously, and a computer reconstructs a three-dimensional image based on a composite of many views; SPECT.</p><p><strong>Sinoatrial node</strong> (si-no-A-tre-al node): Sensitive nervous tissue in the wall of the right atrium of the heart; pacemaker.</p><p><strong>Sinus </strong>(SI-nus): Hollow air cavity within a bone.</p><p><strong>Sinusitis </strong>(si-nu-SI-tis): Inflammation of paranasal sinuses.</p><p><strong>Skin biopsy</strong> (skin BI-op-se): Suspicious skin lesions are removed or sampled and examined microscopically by a pathologist.</p><p><strong>Skin test </strong>(skin test): Substances are injected intradermally or applied to the skin, and results are observed.</p><p><strong>Slit lamp microscopy </strong>(slit lamp mi-KROS-ko-pe): Examination of anterior ocular (eye) structures under microscopic magnification.</p><p><strong>Sodium</strong> (SO-de-um): Chemical element (Na) necessary for cellular functioning. As an electrolyte (NA+), its blood and urine levels are regulated by the kidney.</p><p><strong>Solid tumor</strong> (SOL-id TU-mor): Tumor composed of a mass of cells.</p><p><strong>Somatic symptom disorders </strong>(so-MAT-ik SIM-tom dis-OR-derz): Presence of physical symptoms that cannot be explained by an actual physical disorder or mental disorder such as depression.</p><p><strong>Somatotropin </strong>(so-mah-to-TRO-pin): Hormone secreted by the anterior lobe of the pituitary gland; growth hormone.</p><p><strong>Sonogram</strong> (SON-o-gram): Image of sound waves as they bounce off organs in the body; echogram or ultrasound image.</p><p><strong>Spermatogenesis </strong>(sper-mah-to-JEN-eh-sis): Formation of sperm cells.</p><p><strong>Spermatozoon,<em> pl</em>. spermatozoa</strong> (sper-mah-to-ZO-en; sper-mah-to-ZO-ah): Single sperm cell.</p><p><strong>Spermolytic </strong>(sper-mo-LIH-tik): Pertaining to destruction of sperm.</p><p><strong>Sphenoid bone</strong> (SFEH-noyd bone): Bat-shaped bone that forms part of the base of the skull.</p><p><strong>Spherocytosis </strong>(sfer-o-si-TO-sis): Increase in numbers of sphere-shaped red blood cells, as in a type of anemia (hemolytic anemia).</p><p><strong>Sphincter </strong>(SFINK-ter): Circular ring of muscle that constricts a passage or closes a natural opening.</p><p><strong>Sphygmomanometer </strong>(sfig-mo-mah-NOM-eh-ter): Instrument to measure blood pressure.</p><p><strong>Spina bifida</strong> (SPI-na BIF-ih-dah): Congenital defect in the lumbar spinal column caused by imperfect union of vertebral parts; spinal cord and meninges may herniate through the vertebral gap.</p><p><strong>Spinal cavity </strong>(SPI-nal KAV-ih-te): Space within the spinal column (backbones) containing the spinal cord.</p><p><strong>Spinal column </strong>(SPI-nal KOL-um): Bone tissue surrounding the spinal cavity.</p><p><strong>Spinal cord</strong> (SPI-nal kord): Nervous tissue within the spinal cavity.</p><p><strong>Spinal nerves</strong> (SPI-nal nervz): Pairs of nerves, arising one on each side of the spinal column. They transmit messages to and from the spinal cord.</p><p><strong>Spinal stenosis</strong> (SPI-nal steh-NO-sis): Narrowing of the neural (spinal) canal in the lumbar spine.</p><p><strong>Spirometer </strong>(spi-ROM-eh-ter): Instrument that measures breathing.</p><p><strong>Spleen </strong>(spleen): Organ in the left upper quadrant of the abdomen that destroys wornout red blood cells, activates lymphocytes, and stores blood.</p><p><strong>Splenectomy </strong>(spleh-NEK-to-me): Removal of the spleen.</p><p><strong>Splenic flexure</strong> (SPLEN-ik FLEK-shur): Normal downward bend of the colon on the left side of the body toward the descending colon.</p><p><strong>Splenomegaly </strong>(spleh-no-MEG-ah-le): Enlargement of the spleen.</p><p><strong>Spondylolisthesis </strong>(spon-dih-lo-lis-THE-sis): Forward slipping (subluxation) of one vertebra over another.</p><p><strong>Spondylosis </strong>(spon-dih-LO-sis): Abnormal condition of the spine (vertebral column) characterized by stiffness and fixation of vertebral joints.</p><p><strong>Sprain </strong>(sprayn): Injury, often the result of trauma, involving overstretching of ligaments around a joint.</p><p><strong>Sputum </strong>(SPU-tum): Material expelled from the chest by coughing or by clearing the throat; phlegm.</p><p><strong>Sputum culture</strong> (SPU-tum KUL-chur): Sputum is collected and placed in a growth medium to analyze the type of microorganisms that may be present.</p><p><strong>Squamous cell carcinoma</strong> (SKWA-mus sel kar-sih-NO-mah): Malignant tumor of the squamous epithelial cells in the epidermis.</p><p><strong>Squamous epithelium </strong>(SKWA-mus ep-ih-THE-le-um): Flat, scale-like cells composing the epidermis (outer layer of the skin).</p><p><strong>Staging of tumors</strong> (STA-jing of TU-morz): System of evaluating the extent of spread of tumors.</p><p><strong>Stapedectomy </strong>(sta-peh-DEK-to-me): Removal of the stapes (third middle ear bone).</p><p><strong>Stapes </strong>(STA-peez): Small, stirrup-shaped bone in the middle ear; third ossicle.</p><p><strong>Staphylococci </strong>(staf-il-o-KOK-si): Berry or spherical shaped bacteria arranged in clusters.</p><p><strong>Statins </strong>(STAT-inz): Drugs given to lower cholesterol in the bloodstream.</p><p><strong>Steatorrhea </strong>(ste-ah-to-RE-ah): Discharge of fat in the feces due to improper digestion and malabsorption of fat.</p><p><strong>Stem cell</strong> (STEM sel): Unspecialized cell that gives rise to mature, specialized forms. A hematopoietic stem cell is the progenitor for all different types of blood cells.</p><p><strong>Stem cell transplantation</strong> (stem sel tranzplan-TA-shun): Stem cells (immature blood cells) are harvested from the bloodstream of a patient and then reinfused after the patient has received chemotherapy.</p><p><strong>Stereotactic radiosurgery</strong> (steh-re-o-TAK-tik ra-de-o-SUR-jer-e): Single large dose of radiation delivered under stereotactic (highly precise) guidance to destroy a vascular abnormality or treat small brain tumors.</p><p><strong>Sterilization </strong>(ster-ih-lih-ZA-shun): Procedure that removes an individual’s ability to produce or release reproductive cells.</p><p><strong>Sternum </strong>(STER-num): Breast bone.</p><p><strong>Steroid </strong>(STEH-royd): Complex, naturally occurring chemical, such as a hormone.</p><p><strong>Stethoscope </strong>(STETH-o-skope): Instrument for listening to sounds in the chest.</p><p><strong>Stimulant </strong>(STIM-u-lant): Drug that excites and promotes activity.</p><p><strong>Stimulus </strong>(STIM-u-lus): Agent of change (light, sound, and touch) that evokes a response.</p><p><strong>Stomach </strong>(STUM-ak): Muscular organ that receives food from the esophagus; composed of three main parts: fundus (upper portion), body (middle section), and antrum (lower portion).</p><p><strong>Stomatitis </strong>(sto-mah-TI-tis): Inflammation of the mouth.</p><p><strong>Stool culture</strong> (stool KUL-chur): Test for microorganisms, such as bacteria, in feces.</p><p><strong>Stool guaiac</strong> (stool GWI-ak): Test for detection of occult (hidden) blood in feces.</p><p><strong>Strabismus </strong>(strah-BIZ-mus): Abnormal deviation of the eye; esotropia or exotropia are examples.</p><p><strong>Strain </strong>(strayn): Muscle injury involving overstretching of muscle.</p><p><strong>Stratified </strong>(STRAH-tih-fide): Arranged in layers.</p><p><strong>Stratum corneum</strong> (STRAH-tum KOR-ne-um): Outermost layer of the epidermis, consisting of flattened, keratinized cells.</p><p><strong>Stratum; <em>pl</em>. strata</strong> (STRAH-tum; STRAH-tah): A layer (of cells).</p><p><strong>Streptococcus; <em>pl</em>. streptococci </strong>(strep-to-KOK-sis; strep-to-KOK-si): Berry or spherical shaped bacterium in a twisted chain formation.</p><p><strong>Stress test </strong>(STRESS test): Exercise tolerance test (ETT) is used to determine the heart’s response to physical exertion.</p><p><strong>Striated muscle</strong> (STRI-a-ted MUS-el): Muscle attached to bones; composed of bands of fibers that make the muscle look striped or (striated). Also called voluntary or skeletal muscle.</p><p><strong>Stricture </strong>(STRIK-shur): Narrowing of a tubular structure in the body.</p><p><strong>Stridor </strong>(STRI-dor): Strained, high-pitched sound heard on inspiration caused by obstruction in the pharynx or larynx.</p><p><strong>Stroma</strong> (STRO-mah): Connective and supportive tissue of an organ.</p><p><strong>Stromal tissue</strong> (STRO-mal TIH-shu): Supportive, connective tissue of an organ.</p><p><strong>Styloid process</strong> (STI-loyd PROS-es): Pole-like process extending downward from the temporal bone on each side of the skull.</p><p><strong>Subcostal </strong>(sub-KOS-tal): Pertaining to under the ribs.</p><p><strong>Subcutaneous </strong>(sub-ku-TA-ne-us): Pertaining to under the skin.</p><p><strong>Subcutaneous layer</strong> (sub-ku-TA-ne-us LA-er): Innermost layer of the skin, containing fat tissue.</p><p><strong>Subdural hematoma </strong>(sub-DU-ral he-mah-TO-mah): Collection of blood in the space below the dura mater surrounding the brain.</p><p><strong>Subhepatic </strong>(sub-heh-PAT-ik): Pertaining to below the liver.</p><p><strong>Sublingual </strong>(sub-LING-wal): Pertaining to under the tongue.</p><p><strong>Sublingual administration (</strong>sub-LING-wal ad-min-is-TRA-shun): Drugs are given by placement under the tongue.</p><p><strong>Subluxation </strong>(sub-luk-SA-shun): Partial or incomplete dislocation of a bone from its normal position; often a misalignment of vertebrae.</p><p><strong>Submandibular </strong>(sub-man-DIB-u-lar): Pertaining to under the lower jaw (mandible).</p><p><strong>Substance-related and addictive disorders</strong> (SUB-stans re-LA-ted and ah-DIK-tiv dis-OR-derz): Group of disorders marked by regular overuse of or dependence on psychoactive substances that affect the central nervous system.</p><p><strong>Subungual </strong>(sub-UNG-wal): Pertaining to under a nail.</p><p><strong>Sulcus;<em> pl</em>. sulci </strong>(SUL-kus; SUL-si): Depression or groove in the surface of the cerebral cortex; fissure.</p><p><strong>Superego </strong>(su-per-E-go): Internalized conscience and moral aspect of the personality.</p><p><strong>Superficial</strong> (su-per-FIH-shul): Pertaining to on the surface of the body.</p><p><strong>Superior</strong> (su-PE-re-ur): Above another structure.</p><p><strong>Supination </strong>(su-pih-NA-shun): As applied to the hand and forearm, the act of turning the palm upward.</p><p><strong>Supine </strong>(su-PINE): Lying on the back (face up, palms up).</p><p><strong>Supportive Psychotherapy</strong> (suh-POR-tiv si-ko-THER-ah-pe): Treatment that involves offering encouragement, and hope to patients facing difficult life transitions and events.</p><p><strong>Suppressor T Cell </strong>(suh-PRE-sor T sel): Lymphocyte that inhibits the activity of B and T cell lymphocytes. Also called a Treg (regulatory T cell).</p><p><strong>Supraclavicular </strong>(soo-prah-klah-VIK-u-lar): Pertaining to above the clavicle (collar bone).</p><p><strong>Suprapubic </strong>(su-prah-PU-bik): Pertaining to above the pubic bones.</p><p><strong>Suture </strong>(SU-chur): Immovable joint between bones, such as the skull (cranium).</p><p><strong>Suture Joint </strong>(SU-chur joint): Immovable joint, such as between the bones of the skull.</p><p><strong>Symbiosis </strong>(sim-be-O-sis): Close interaction between two organisms living in close association.</p><p><strong>Symmetry </strong>(SIM-met-re): Measurement together; similarity of parts as in mirror images of each other.</p><p><strong>Sympathetic Nerves</strong> (sim-pah-THET-ik nervz): Autonomic nerves that activate responses in times of stress; heartbeat, respiration, and blood pressure are affected.</p><p><strong>Sympathomimetic </strong>(sim-pah-tho-mih-MET-ik): Pertaining to mimicking or copying the effect of the sympathetic nervous system; adrenaline and norepinephrine are sympathomimetic hormones.</p><p><strong>Symphysis </strong>(SIM-fih-sis): Bones that grow together separated by a piece of fibrocartilage. The pubic symphysis of the pelvis is an example.</p><p><strong>Symptom </strong>(SIMP-tum): Subjective change in a condition as perceived by the patient.</p><p><strong>Synapse </strong>(SIN-aps): Space through which a nervous impulse travels between nerve cells or between nerve and muscle or glandular cells.</p><p><strong>Syncopal </strong>(SIN-ko-pal): Pertaining to syncope (fainting).</p><p><strong>Syncope </strong>(SIN-ko-pe): Fainting; temporary loss of consciousness.</p><p><strong>Syndactyly </strong>(sin-DAK-til-e): Fusion of fingers or toes; congenital anomaly.</p><p><strong>Syndrome </strong>(SIN-drohm): Signs and symptoms that occur together indicating a particular condition or disorder.</p><p><strong>Syndrome of inappropriate ADH </strong>(SIN-drohm of in-ah-PRO-pre-it ADH): Excessive secretion of antidiuretic hormone (ADH, vasopressin) leading to water retention.</p><p><strong>Synergism </strong>(SIN-er-jizm): Drug action in which the combination of two drugs causes an effect that is greater than the sum of the individual effects of each drug.</p><p><strong>Synergistic </strong>(sin-er-JIS-tik): Pertaining to synergism.</p><p><strong>Synovial cavity</strong> (sih-NO-ve-al KAV-ih-te): Space between bones at a synovial joint; contains synovial fluid produced by the synovial membrane.</p><p><strong>Synovial fluid</strong> (sih-NO-ve-al FLU-id): Viscous (sticky) fluid within the synovial cavity.</p><p><strong>Synovial joint </strong>(sih-NO-ve-al joynt): Freely movable joint.</p><p><strong>Synovial membrane</strong> (si-NO-ve-al MEM-brayn): Tissue lining the synovial cavity; it produces synovial fluid.</p><p><strong>Synovitis</strong> (sin-o-VI-tis): Inflammation of the synovial membrane lining the synovial joint.</p><p><strong>Synthesis </strong>(SIN-theh-sis): Putting together of simple substances to create something new and often more complex.</p><p><strong>Syphilis </strong>(SIF-ih-lis): Sexually transmitted infection caused by bacteria (spirochetes). A chancre (ulcer) on the genitalia is a characteristic lesion.</p><p><strong>Syringe </strong>(sih-RINJ): Instrument for introducing or withdrawing fluids from the body.</p><p><strong>Systemic circulation</strong> (sis-TEM-ik ser-ku-LA-shun): Flow of blood from body tissues to the heart and from the heart back to the tissues.</p><p><strong>Systemic lupus erythematosus</strong> (sis-TEM-ik LU-pus eh-rith-eh-mah-TO-sus): Chronic inflammatory autoimmune disease of collagen in skin, joints, and internal organs.</p><p><strong>Systole </strong>(SIS-to-le): Contraction phase of the heartbeat.</p>
			</div>

		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div><div class="block rendered">
		<div id="5a10b8a7-ec61-430a-bca5-f34925ffa8db" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			<div class="static__text--indent">
				<p><strong><span style="color:#CA500F;">T</span></strong></p><p><strong>T cell</strong> (T sel): Lymphocyte that acts directly on antigens to destroy them or produce chemicals (cytokines) such as interferons and interleukins that are toxic to antigens.</p><p><strong>Tachycardia </strong>(tah-ke-KAR-de-ah): Rapid heartbeat.</p><p><strong>Tachypnea </strong>(tah-KIP-ne-ah): Abnormally rapid breathing.</p><p><strong>Tagging </strong>(TAG-ing): Attaching a radionuclide to a chemical and following its path in the body.</p><p><strong>Talipes </strong>(TAL-ih-peez): Congenital abnormality of the hindfoot (involving the talus); clubfoot</p><p><strong>Target tissue</strong> (TAR-get TIH-shu): Cells of an organ that are affected or stimulated by specific hormones.</p><p><strong>Tarsals </strong>(TAR-salz): Ankle bones.</p><p><strong>Tarsectomy </strong>(tar-SEK-to-me): Removal of an ankle bone.</p><p><strong>Technetium Tc99M sestamibi scan</strong> (tek-NE-she-um TC99m ses-tah-MIH-be skan): Technetium Tc99m sestamibi injected intravenously is taken up in cardiac tissue, where it is detected by scanning.</p><p><strong>Telemetry </strong>(tel-EM-et-re): Continuous monitoring of a patient’s heart rhythm in a hospital.</p><p><strong>Teletherapy </strong>(tel-e-THER-ah-pe): Radiation delivered to a tumor from a distant source, such as a linear accelerator or cyclotron.</p><p><strong>Temporal bone</strong> (TEM-por-al bone): One of two bones on each side of the skull near the ear.</p><p><strong>Temporomandibular</strong> <strong>joint </strong>(tem-por-o-man-DIB-u-lar joynt): Connection on either side of the head between the temporal bone of the skull and mandibular bone of the jaw.</p><p><strong>Tendinosis </strong>(ten-dih-NO-sis): Abnormal condition of tendons.</p><p><strong>Tendon </strong>(TEN-dun): Fibrous, connective tissue binding muscles to bones.</p><p><strong>Tenorrhaphy </strong>(ten-OR-ah-fe): Suture of a tendon.</p><p><strong>Tenosynovitis </strong>(ten-o-sih-no-VI-tis): Inflammation of a tendon and its sheath or covering.</p><p><strong>Teratoma </strong>(ter-ah-TO-mah): Malignant tumor of a testis or ovary; composed of embryonic cells that develop into different types of tissue.</p><p><strong>Testes</strong> (TES-teez): Two glands enclosed in the scrotal sac of a male; responsible for sperm production and testosterone secretion.</p><p><strong>Testicular </strong>(tes-TIK-u-lar): Pertaining to a testis or testicle.</p><p><strong>Testicular cancer</strong> (tes-TIK-u-lar KAN-ser): Malignant tumor of the testicles.</p><p><strong>Testicular torsion </strong>(tes-TIK-u-lar TOR-shun): Twisting of the spermatic cord and blood vessels of the testes.</p><p><strong>Testis </strong>(TES-tis): Male gonad that produces sperm and the hormone, testosterone.</p><p><strong>Testosterone </strong>(tes-TOS-teh-rone): Male hormone secreted by the testes.</p><p><strong>Tetany </strong>(TET-ah-ne): Constant muscle contractions; associated with hypocalcemia and hypoparathyroidism.</p><p><strong>Tetraiodothyronine </strong>(teh-rah-i-o-do-THI-ro-neen): Hormone secreted by the thyroid gland that increases body metabolism; thyroxine (T4).</p><p><strong>Tetralogy of Fallot </strong>(teh-TRAH-lo-je of fah-LO): Four separate defects of the heart occurring at birth.</p><p><strong>Thalamic </strong>(THAL-ah-mik): Pertaining to the thalamus.</p><p><strong>Thalamus </strong>(THAL-ah-mus): Main relay center of the brain. Optic nerve fibers pass through the thalamus on their way to the cerebral cortex.</p><p><strong>Thalassemia </strong>(thal-ah-SE-me-ah): Inherited defect in the ability to produce hemoglobin, usually seen in persons of Mediterranean background.</p><p><strong>Thallium scan</strong> (THAL-e-um skan): Thallium 201 is injected intravenously to allow for myocardial perfusion and assess damage to heart muscle from heart attacks.</p><p><strong>Therapeutic </strong>(ther-ah-PU-tik): Pertaining to treatment or therapy.</p><p><strong>Thoracentesis </strong>(thor-ah-sen-TE-sis): Surgical puncture to remove fluid from the chest.</p><p><strong>Thoracic </strong>(thor-AH-sik): Pertaining to the chest.</p><p><strong>Thoracic cavity</strong> (thor-AH-sik KAV-ih-te): Space in the chest containing the heart, lungs, bronchial tubes, trachea, esophagus, and other organs.</p><p><strong>Thoracic duct</strong> (thor-AH-sik dukt): Large lymphatic vessel in the upper chest.</p><p><strong>Thoracic vertebrae</strong> (thor-AH-sik VER-teh-bray): Twelve backbones in the region of the chest.</p><p><strong>Thoracoscopy </strong>(thor-ah-KOS-ko-pe): Visual examination of the chest using small incision and an endoscope.</p><p><strong>Thoracotomy </strong>(thor-ah-KOT-o-me): Incision of the chest.</p><p><strong>Thrill </strong>(thril): Vibration felt over an area of turmoil in blood flow (as a blocked artery).</p><p><strong>Thrombin </strong>(THROM-bin): Enzyme that converts fibrinogen to fibrin during coagulation.</p><p><strong>Thrombocyte </strong>(THROM-bo-site): Clotting cell; platelet.</p><p><strong>Thrombocytopenia </strong>(throm-bo-si-to-PE-ne-ah): Deficiency of clotting cells.</p><p><strong>Thrombolysis </strong>(throm-BOL-ih-sis): Destruction of a clot.</p><p><strong>Thrombolytic therapy </strong>(throm-bo-LIH-tik THER-ah-pe): Treatment with drugs to break down clots that may abnormally form in blood vessels.</p><p><strong>Thrombophlebitis </strong>(throm-bo-fleh-BI-tis): Inflammation of a vein associated with formation of a thrombus or clot.</p><p><strong>Thrombosis </strong>(throm-BO-sis): Abnormal condition of clot formation in a blood vessel.</p><p><strong>Thrombotic occlusion</strong> (throm-BOT-ik ok-LU-zhen): Blockage of a blood vessel caused by thrombosis or clot formation.</p><p><strong>Thrombus </strong>(THROM-bus): Abnormal clot formation in a blood vessel; a blood clot.</p><p><strong>Thymectomy </strong>(thi-MEK-to-me): Removal of the thymus gland.</p><p><strong>Thymoma </strong>(thi-MO-mah): Tumor of the thymus gland.</p><p><strong>Thymus gland</strong> (THI-mus gland): Lymphoid organ in the mediastinum that produces T cell lymphocytes and aids in the immune response.</p><p><strong>Thyroid carcinoma</strong> (THI-royd kar-sih-NO-mah): Malignant tumor of the thyroid gland.</p><p><strong>Thyroid function tests</strong> (THI-royd FUNK-shun tests): Measurement of thyroxine, triiodothyronine, and thyroidstimulating hormone in the bloodstream.</p><p><strong>Thyroid gland</strong> (THI-royd gland): Endocrine gland that surrounds the trachea in the neck; secretes the hormone, thyroxine.</p><p><strong>Thyroid hormone </strong>(THI-royd HOR-mone): Secretion from the thyroid gland that stimulates cellular metabolism.</p><p><strong>Thyroid scan</strong> (THI-royd skan): Administration of a radioactive compound and visualization of the thyroid gland with a scanning device.</p><p><strong>Thyroiditis </strong>(thi-royd-I-tis): Inflammation of the thyroid gland.</p><p><strong>Thyrotoxicosis </strong>(thi-ro-tok-sih-KO-sis): Hyperthyroidism (overactivity of the thyroid gland).</p><p><strong>Thyrotropin </strong>(thi-ro-TRO-pin): Hormone secreted by the anterior lobe of the pituitary gland; stimulates the thyroid gland to secrete its hormones. Also called thyroid-stimulating hormone or TSH.</p><p><strong>Thyroxine </strong>(thi-ROK-sin): Hormone secreted by the thyroid gland to increase body metabolism; T4.</p><p><strong>Tibia </strong>(TIB-e-ah): Larger of the two lower leg bones.</p><p><strong>Tibial</strong> (TIB-e-al): Pertaining to the larger of the two lower leg bones.</p><p><strong>Tic </strong>(TIK): Involuntary movement of a small group of muscles.</p><p><strong>Tinea </strong>(TIN-e-ah): Infection of the skin caused by a fungus; tinea corporis (ringworm) and tinea pedis (athlete’s foot) are examples.</p><p><strong>Tinnitus </strong>(TIN-nih-tus): Sensation of noises (ringing, buzzing, whistling, booming) in the ears without an external source.</p><p><strong>Tolerance </strong>(TOL-er-antz): Ability of T lymphocytes to recognize and accept the body’s own antigens as “self” or friendly. Once tolerance is established, the immune system will not react against the body’s own cells. Also in pharmacology tolerance is a drug action in which larger and larger doses must be given to achieve a desired effect.</p><p><strong>Tonic-clonic seizure</strong> (TON-ik-KLON-ik SE-zhur): Major seizure affecting the brain in epilepsy; grand-mal seizure.</p><p><strong>Tonometry </strong>(to-NOM-eh-tre): Measurement of tension and pressure within the eye; glaucoma test.</p><p><strong>Tonsillar </strong>(TON-sih-lar): Pertaining to the tonsils.</p><p><strong>Tonsillectomy </strong>(ton-sih-LEK-to-me): Removal of tonsils.</p><p><strong>Tonsillitis </strong>(ton-sih-LI-tis): Inflammation of tonsils.</p><p><strong>Tonsils </strong>(TON-silz): Masses of lymphatic tissue in the back of the oropharynx.</p><p><strong>Topical application </strong>(TOP-ik-el ap-lih-KA-shun): Drugs are applied locally on the skin or mucous membranes of the body; ointments, lotions, and creams are examples.</p><p><strong>Tourette syndrome</strong> (tur-ET SIN-drohm): Involuntary, spasmodic movements; uncontrollable vocal sounds; and inappropriate words.</p><p><strong>Toxic </strong>(TOK-sik): Pertaining to a toxin (a poisonous or harmful substance).</p><p><strong>Toxicity </strong>(tok-SIS-ih-te): Harmful effect of a drug.</p><p><strong>Toxicology </strong>(tok-sih-KOL-o-je): Branch of pharmacology that studies harmful chemicals and their effects on the body.</p><p><strong>Toxin </strong>(TOK-sin): Poison or harmful substance.</p><p><strong>Trabeculae </strong>(trah-BEK-u-le): Supporting latticework of bony fibers in cancellous, spongy (soft) bone.</p><p><strong>Trabeculoplasty </strong>(trah-bek-u-lo-PLAS-te): Procedure using a laser beam to reduce intraocular pressure in patients with glaucoma.</p><p><strong>Tracer studies</strong> (TRA-ser STUD-eez): Radionuclides are attached to chemicals, used as tags or markers, and followed as they travel through the body.</p><p><strong>Trachea</strong> (TRA-ke-ah): Windpipe; tube leading from the pharynx (throat) and larynx (voice box) to the bronchial tubes.</p><p><strong>Tracheal </strong>(TRA-ke-al): Pertaining to the trachea.</p><p><strong>Tracheal stenosis</strong> (TRA-ke-al steh-NO-sis): Narrowing of the trachea.</p><p><strong>Tracheostomy </strong>(tra-ke-OS-to-me): New opening of the trachea to the outside of the body.</p><p><strong>Tracheotomy </strong>(tra-ke-OT-o-me): Incision of the trachea.</p><p><strong>Tranquilizer </strong>(TRAN-kwil-i-zer): Drug that controls anxiety and severe disturbances of behavior.</p><p><strong>Transcatheter aortic valve replacement </strong>(tranz-KATH-eh-ter a-OR-tik valv re-PLAYS-ment): Placement of a balloonexpandable aortic heart valve into the body via a catheter; TAVR.</p><p><strong>Transference </strong>(trans-FUR-enz): Process by which a patient relates to a therapist as though the therapist were a prominent childhood figure.</p><p><strong>Transfusion </strong>(tranz-FU-zhun): Transfer of blood from one person to another.</p><p><strong>Transhepatic </strong>(tranz-heh-PAT-ik): Pertaining to through or across the liver.</p><p><strong>Transient ischemic attack</strong> (TRAN-ze-ent is-KE-mik ah-TAK): Fleeting episode of ischemia (holding back blood) in the brain; TIA.</p><p><strong>Transport </strong>(TRANS-port): Movement of a drug across a cell membrane into body cells.</p><p><strong>Transurethral </strong>(tranz-u-RE-thral): Pertaining to across or through the urethra.</p><p><strong>Transurethral resection of the prostate</strong> (tranz-u-RE-thral re-SEK-shun of the PROS-tayt): Removal of portions of prostate gland through the urethra; TURP.</p><p><strong>Transverse plane</strong> (tranz-VERS playn): Horizontal (cross-sectional) plane dividing the body into upper and lower portions; axial plane.</p><p><strong>Transvestic fetishism</strong> (trans-VES-tik FET-ish-izm): Wearing clothing of the opposite sex accompanied by recurrent and intense sexual arousal.</p><p><strong>Tricuspid valve</strong> (tri-KUS-pid valv): Valve located between the right atrium and right ventricle of the heart.</p><p><strong>Tricyclic antidepressants </strong>(tri-SIK-lik an-tih-deh-PRES-antz): Group of drugs used to treat severe depression; TCAs.</p><p><strong>Trigeminal neuralgia</strong> (tri-JEM-in-al nur-AL-jah): Flashes of stab-like pain along the trigeminal nerve (5th cranial nerve). The trigeminal nerve has branches to the eye, upper jaw, and lower jaw.</p><p><strong>Triglycerides </strong>(tri-GLIS-eh-ridez): Fat molecules composed of three parts fatty acids and one part glycerol; chief form of lipids.</p><p><strong>Trigone </strong>(TRI-gohn): Triangular area in the urinary bladder where the ureters enter and the urethra exits.</p><p><strong>Trigonitis </strong>(tri-go-NI-tis): Inflammation of the trigone of the urinary bladder.</p><p><strong>Triiodothyronine </strong>(tri-i-o-do-THI-ro-neen): Hormone secreted by the thyroid gland; stimulates body metabolism; T3.</p><p><strong>Tubal ligation </strong>(TOOB-al li-GA-shun): Blocking the fallopian tubes to prevent fertilization from occurring.</p><p><strong>Tube thoracostomy</strong> (toob thor-ah-KOS-to-me): Flexible, plastic chest tube is passed into the pleural space through an opening in the chest.</p><p><strong>Tuberculin test</strong> (tu-BER-ku-lin test): Determines past or present exposure to tuberculosis based on a positive skin test.</p><p><strong>Tuberculosis</strong> (tu-ber-ku-LO-sis): Infectious disease caused by <em>Mycobacterium tuberculosis</em>. Lungs are usually involved but other organs may be affected.</p><p><strong>Tuning fork test </strong>(TU-ning fork test): Test of ear conduction using a vibration source (tuning fork).</p><p><strong>Tympanic membrane</strong> (tim-PAN-ik MEM-brayn): Membrane between the outer and middle ear; eardrum.</p><p><strong>Tympanoplasty </strong>(tim-pah-no-PLAS-te): Surgical repair of the eardrum.</p>
			</div>

		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div><div class="block rendered">
		<div id="e34ac0cf-f0eb-4d9e-972a-0c5695bf9b37" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			<div class="static__text--indent">
				<p><span style="color:#CA500F;"><strong>U</strong></span></p><p><strong>Ulcer </strong>(UL-ser): Open sore on the skin or mucous membranes of the body.</p><p><strong>Ulcerating tumor</strong> (UL-ser-A-ting TU-mor): Tumor growth that has open, exposed surfaces resulting from death of overlying tissue.</p><p><strong>Ulcerative colitis</strong> (UL-ser-ah-tiv ko-LI-tis): Chronic inflammation of the colon with the presence of ulcers.</p><p><strong>Ulna </strong>(UL-nah): One of two bones in the lower arm; connects to the wrist on the little finger side.</p><p><strong>Ulnar </strong>(UL-nar): Pertaining to the ulna.</p><p><strong>Ultrasonography </strong>(ul-trah-so-NOG-rah-fe): Use of high frequency sound waves to produce a record or picture of an organ or tissue.</p><p><strong>Ultrasound transducer</strong> (ul-trah-SOWND tranz-DU-ser): Handheld device that sends and receives ultrasound signals.</p><p><strong>Umbilical region</strong> (um-BIL-ih-kal RE-jen): Central abdominopelvic region near the navel; umbilical means pertaining to the navel.</p><p><strong>Undifferentiated </strong>(un-dif-er-EN-she-a-ted): Description of cells or tissues that do not have specialized (“mature”) structures or functions. Undifferentiated cancer cells often grow and spread quickly.</p><p><strong>Unilateral</strong> (u-nih-LAT-er-al): Pertaining to one side.</p><p><strong>Upper gastrointestinal series </strong>(UP-er gas-tro-in-TEST-in-al SER-eez): X-ray images of the esophagus, stomach, and small intestine obtained after administering barium by mouth.</p><p><strong>Uptake </strong>(UP-take): Rate of absorption of a radionuclide into an organ or tissue.</p><p><strong>Urea </strong>(u-RE-ah): Major nitrogenous waste in urine.</p><p><strong>Uremia </strong>(u-RE-me-ah): Excessive amount of urea and other nitrogenous wastes in the blood.</p><p><strong>Ureter </strong>(U-reh-ter): One of two tubes carrying urine from the kidneys to the urinary bladder.</p><p><strong>Ureteroileostomy </strong>(u-re-ter-o-il-OS-to-me): New opening of the ureters to a portion of the ileum, removed from its normal location and connected to the outside of the body. It serves as a passageway for urine to leave the body when the urinary bladder is removed.</p><p><strong>Ureteroneocystostomy </strong>(u-re-ter-o-ne-o-sis-TOS-to-me): Surgical transplantation of a ureter to a new site in the urinary bladder. This occurs with a kidney transplant.</p><p><strong>Ureteroplasty </strong>(u-re-ter-o-PLAS-te): Surgical repair of ureter.</p><p><strong>Urethra </strong>(u-RE-thrah): Tube leading from the urinary bladder to the outside of the body.</p><p><strong>Urethral stricture </strong>(u-RE-thral STRIK-shur): Narrowing of the urethra.</p><p><strong>Urethritis </strong>(u-re-THRI-tis): Inflammation of the urethra.</p><p><strong>Urethroplasty </strong>(u-re-thro-PLAS-te): Surgical repair of the urethra.</p><p><strong>Uric acid</strong> (U-rik acid): Nitrogenous waste formed when proteins are used in cells. It is excreted by the kidneys in urine.</p><p><strong>Uric Acid Test</strong> (U-rik AS-id test): Measurement of uric acid in serum; high levels are associated with gouty arthritis.</p><p><strong>Urinalysis </strong>(u-rin-AL-ih-sis): Series of tests to evaluate the composition of urine. It includes tests to determine color, appearance, sugar, bacteria, and protein in urine.</p><p><strong>Urinary bladder</strong> (U-rin-ar-e BLAD-er): Hollow, muscular sac that holds and stores urine.</p><p><strong>Urinary catheterization</strong> (U-rin-ar-e kath-et-er-ih-ZA-shun): Passage of a catheter into the urinary bladder for temporary or permanent drainage of urine.</p><p><strong>Urinary incontinence </strong>(U-rin-ar-e in-KON-tin-entz): Involuntary passage of urine.</p><p><strong>Urinary retention</strong> (U-rin-ar-e re-TEN-shun): Inability to pass urine, which is held back in the urinary bladder.</p><p><strong>Urination </strong>(u-rin-A-shun): Process of expelling urine; voiding; micturition.</p><p><strong>Urography </strong>(u-ROG-rah-fe): Taking x-ray images of the urinary tract after injecting contrast.</p><p><strong>Urologist </strong>(u-ROL-o-gist): Specialist in the study of the urinary tract. Physician specializing in operating on the urinary tract in males and females and on the reproductive tract in males.</p><p><strong>Urticaria </strong>(ur-tih-KA-re-ah): Acute allergic reaction in which red, round wheals develop on the skin; hives.</p><p><strong>Uterine prolapse</strong> (U-ter-ine PRO-laps): Sagging or drooping of the uterus.</p><p><strong>Uterus </strong>(U-ter-us): Muscular organ in a female that holds the embryo/fetus as it develops; womb.</p><p><strong>Uveitis </strong>(u-ve-I-tis): Inflammation of the uvea, which is the vascular layer of the eye (including the iris, choroid, and ciliary body).</p><p><strong>Uvula </strong>(U-vu-lah): Soft tissue hanging from the middle of the soft palate, at the back of the mouth.</p><p><strong>Uvulectomy </strong>(u-vu-LEK-to-me): Removal (excision) of the uvula.</p>
			</div>

		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div><div class="block rendered">
		<div id="ad0c075c-c7fb-4732-8c3b-e9c0db330c2e" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			<div class="static__text--indent">
				<p><span style="color:#CA500F;"><strong>V</strong></span></p><p><strong>Vaccination </strong>(vak-sih-NA-shun): Exposure of an individual to a foreign protein (antigen) that provokes an immune response. It is a type of acquired immunity.</p><p><strong>Vaccine </strong>(vak-SEEN): Weakened or dead antigen is administered to induce production of antibodies resulting in immunity.</p><p><strong>Vagal </strong>(VA-gal): Pertaining to the vagus nerve.</p><p><strong>Vagina </strong>(vah-JI-nah): Muscular, mucosal canal extending from the uterus and the cervix to the exterior of the body.</p><p><strong>Vaginal orifice </strong>(VAH-jih-nal OR-ih-fis): Opening of the vagina to the exterior of the body.</p><p><strong>Vaginitis </strong>(vah-jih-NI-tis): Inflammation of the vagina.</p><p><strong>Vagus nerve </strong>(VA-gus nerv): Tenth cranial nerve with branches to the chest and abdominal organs.</p><p><strong>Valve </strong>(valv): Structure in a vein or in the heart that temporarily closes an opening so that blood flows in the proper direction.</p><p><strong>Valvotomy </strong>(val-VOT-o-me): Incision of a valve.</p><p><strong>Valvuloplasty </strong>(val-vu-lo-PLAS-te): Surgical repair of a valve.</p><p><strong>Varicella </strong>(var-ih-SEL-ah): Exanthematous viral disease marked by itchy red rash (herpes zoster) that develops into blisters and pustules and then scabs; chicken pox.</p><p><strong>Varicocele </strong>(VAR-ih-ko-seel): Enlarged, dilated veins near a testicle.</p><p><strong>Varicose veins</strong> (VAR-ih-kos vaynz): Swollen, twisted veins, often occurring in the legs.</p><p><strong>Vas deferens</strong> (vas DEF-er-enz): Narrow tube (one on each side) that carries sperm from the epididymis into the body, around the urinary bladder toward the urethra.</p><p><strong>Vascular </strong>(VAS-ku-lar): Pertaining to a blood vessels.</p><p><strong>Vasectomy </strong>(vas-EK-to-me): Bilateral surgical removal of a part of the vas deferens; male sterilization.</p><p><strong>Vasoconstriction </strong>(vaz-o-kon-STRIK-shun): Narrowing of a blood vessel.</p><p><strong>Vasodilation </strong>(vaz-o-di-LA-shun): Widening of a blood vessel; vasodilatation.</p><p><strong>Vasodilator </strong>(vaz-o-DI-la-tor): Drug that widens blood vessels.</p><p><strong>Vasopressin </strong>(vaz-o-PRES-in): Hormone secreted by the posterior lobe of the pituitary gland; stimulates the kidneys to reabsorb water. Also called antidiuretic hormone or ADH.</p><p><strong>Vasovasostomy </strong>(vas-o-vas-OS-to-me): Rejoining the cut ends of the vas deferens to restore male fertility; reversal of vasectomy.</p><p><strong>Vegetations </strong>(vej-eh-TA-shunz): Collections of clotted material that accumulate on endocardium and valves of the heart in conditions such as endocarditis and rheumatic heart disease.</p><p><strong>Vein </strong>(vayn): Thin-walled blood vessel that carries oxygen-poor (deoxygenated) blood from body tissues back to the heart.</p><p><strong>Vena cava; <em>pl</em>. venae cavae</strong> (VE-nah KA-vah; VE-ne KA-ve): Largest vein in the body. Venae cavae (inferior and superior) return blood to the heart from the body tissues.</p><p><strong>Venipuncture</strong> (ve-nih-PUNK-chur): Incision of a vein to remove blood.</p><p><strong>Venous </strong>(VE-nus): Pertaining to a vein.</p><p><strong>Ventilation-perfusion scan </strong>(ven-tih-LA-shun per-FU-zhun scan): Nuclear medicine lung scan using radioactive material to evaluate air flow (ventilation) and blood flow (perfusion) in the lungs; V/Q scan.</p><p><strong>Ventral </strong>(VEN-tral): Pertaining to the front or anterior portion of the body.</p><p><strong>Ventricle </strong>(VEN-trih-kel): One of two lower chambers of the heart.</p><p><strong>Ventricles of the brain</strong> (VEN-trih-kulz of the brayn): Canals in the brain that contain cerebrospinal fluid.</p><p><strong>Venule </strong>(VEN-ule): Small vein.</p><p><strong>Verruca; p. verrucae </strong>(veh-RU-kah; veh-RU-ke): Small benign growth (wart) in the skin; caused by a virus.</p><p><strong>Verrucous tumor </strong>(veh-RU-kus TU-mor): Tumor whose growth pattern resembles a wart.</p><p><strong>Vertebra </strong>(VER-teh-brah): Single backbone; individual segment of the spine.</p><p><strong>Vertebrae </strong>(VER-teh-bray): Backbones.</p><p><strong>Vertebral </strong>(ver-TE-bral): Pertaining to backbones.</p><p><strong>Vertebroplasty </strong>(ver-TE-bro-plas-te): Surgical repair of a vertebra.</p><p><strong>Vertigo </strong>(VER-tih-go): Sensation of irregular or whirling motion either of oneself or of external objects.</p><p><strong>Vesicle </strong>(VES-ih-kl): Small collection of clear fluid (serum); blister.</p><p>Vesicoureteral reflux (ves-ik-o-u-RE-ter-al RE-fluks): Backflow of urine from the urinary bladder to the ureters.</p><p><strong>Vestibule </strong>(VES-tib-ule): Central cavity of the labyrinth in the inner ear; connecting the cochlea and semicircular canals.</p><p><strong>Vestibulocochlear </strong>(ves-tib-u-lo-KO-kle-ar): Pertaining to the vestibule and cochlea of the inner ear.</p><p><strong>Villi </strong>(VIL-i): Microscopic projections in the wall of the small intestine that absorb nutrients into the bloodstream.</p><p><strong>Viral hepatitis</strong> (VI-ral heh-pah-TI-tis): Inflammation of the liver caused by a virus.</p><p><strong>Viral load test </strong>(VI-ral LOAD test): Measures the amount of HIV in the blood stream.</p><p><strong>Viral oncogenes</strong> (VI-ral ONK-o-jenz): Pieces of DNA from viruses that infect a normal cell and cause it to become malignant.</p><p><strong>Virus </strong>(VI-rus): Infectious agent that reproduces by entering a host cell and using the host’s genetic material to make copies of itself.</p><p><strong>Viscera </strong>(VIS-er-ah): Internal organs.</p><p><strong>Visceral</strong> (VIS-er-al): Pertaining to internal organs.</p><p><strong>Visceral muscle</strong> (VIS-er-al MUS-el): Muscle that lines the walls of internal organs; smooth, involuntary muscle.</p><p><strong>Visceral pleura</strong> (VIS-er-al PLUR-ah): Innermost membrane of the pleura, lying closest to the lung tissue itself.</p><p><strong>Visual acuity test </strong>(VIZ-u-al ah-KYOO-ih-te test): Eye exam that measures clarity of vision</p><p><strong>Visual field test </strong>(VIZ-u-al field test): Eye examination that measure of the entire scope of vision (peripheral and central).</p><p><strong>Vitamin </strong>(VI-ta-min): Substance found in foods and essential in small quantities for growth and good health.</p><p><strong>Vitiligo </strong>(vit-ih-LI-go): Patches of white, unpigmented skin surrounded by areas of normal skin; leukoderma.</p><p><strong>Vitrectomy </strong>(vi-TREK-to-me): Removal of vitreous humor.</p><p><strong>Vitreous humor</strong> (VIT-re-us HU-mor): Soft, jelly-like material behind the lens in the vitreous chamber; helps maintain the shape of the eyeball.</p><p><strong>Voiding </strong>(VOY-ding): Urination.</p><p><strong>Voiding cystourethrogram</strong> (VOY-ding sis-to-u-RE-thro-gram): X-ray record of the urinary bladder and urethra taken while patient is urinating and after contrast material is injected retrograde through the urethra.</p><p><strong>Volvulus </strong>(VOL-vu-lus): Twisting of the intestine on itself.</p><p><strong>Vomer </strong>(VO-mer): Thin plate of bone that forms part of the nasal septum, which is the wall separating the nostrils.</p><p><strong>Voyerism</strong> (VOY-yer-izm): Abnormal desire to look at sexual organs or watch sexual acts.</p><p><strong>Vulva </strong>(VUL-vah): External genitalia of the female.</p><p><strong>Vulvodynia</strong> (vul-vo-DIN-e-ah): Pain in the female genitalia.</p><p><strong>Vulvovaginitis </strong>(vul-vo-vah-jah-NI-tis): Inflammation of the vulva and vagina.</p>
			</div>

		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div><div class="block rendered">
		<div id="f7f2cc96-1f4a-4601-80bf-37ff9acdcc52" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			<div class="static__text--indent">
				<p><span style="color:#CA500F;"><strong>W</strong></span></p><p><strong>Wasting syndrome</strong> (WAYST-ing SIN-drohm): Weight loss and decrease in muscle strength, appetite, and mental activity that occurs with AIDS.</p><p><strong>Western blot</strong> (WES-tern blot): Specific test to detect presence of anti- HIV antibodies in the bloodstream.</p><p><strong>Wheal </strong>(weel): Smooth, edematous (swollen) papule or plaque that is centrally redder than the surrounding skin; often accompanied by itching.</p><p><strong>Wheezes </strong>(WEEZ-ez): Continuous high-pitched whistling sounds produced during breathing.</p><p><strong>White blood cell count </strong>(wite blood sel kownt): Number of leukocytes per cubic millimeter or microliter of blood.</p><p><strong>White blood cell differential</strong> (wite blood sel dif-er-EN-shul): Percentages of different types of leukocytes in the blood.</p><p><strong>Wilms tumor</strong> (wilmz TU-mur): Malignant neoplasm (tumor) of the kidney that occurs in childhood.</p>
			</div>

		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div><div class="block rendered">
		<div id="352251e4-3b6d-4968-921a-b0b458c07c2b" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			<div class="static__text--indent">
				<p><span style="color:#CA500F;"><strong>X</strong></span></p><p><strong>Xanthoma </strong>(zan-THO-mah): Soft, yellowish, round nodule found on the eyelids; xanthelasma.</p><p><strong>Xenophobia </strong>(zen-o-FO-be-ah): Fear of strangers.</p><p><strong>Xerophthalmia </strong>(zer-of-THAL-me-ah): Condition of excessive dryness of the eye.</p><p><strong>Xerosis </strong>(zer-O-sis): Very dry skin.</p><p><strong>Xerostomia </strong>(zer-o-STO-me-ah): Dryness of the mouth.</p><p><strong>Xiphoid process </strong>(ZIF-oyd PROS-es): Lower, narrow portion of the sternum (breastbone).</p>
			</div>

		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div><div class="block rendered">
		<div id="a9093d74-2e75-48bc-bf54-c365f5804367" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			<div class="static__text--indent">
				<p><span style="color:#CA500F;"><strong>Y</strong></span></p><p><strong>Yellow bone marrow</strong> (YEL-o bone MAH-ro): Fatty tissue found in the medullary cavity (shaft) of most adult long bones.</p>
			</div>

		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div><div class="block rendered">
		<div id="51ba45ae-1590-4161-ab70-572867fffac4" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			<div class="static__text--indent">
				<p><span style="color:#CA500F;"><strong>Z</strong></span></p><p><strong>Zygomatic bones</strong> (zi-go-MAT-ik bones): Cheekbones of the face.</p><p><strong>Zygote </strong>(ZI-gote): Stage in prenatal development from fertilization and implantation to two weeks.</p>
			</div>

		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div></div>
		
		<div class="screengrid">
			<footer class="screen__margin screen__footer u-hide-element vstdonthighlight">
				<div class="feedback">
					<div class="feedback__content js-feedback-focus" tabindex="-1"></div>
				</div>
				<div class="control-btns"></div>
			</footer>
		</div>
	</div><div  class="overlay-root vstdonthighlight rendered blocking" style="overflow-y: auto;">
		<div class="modal-cover-holder">
			<div class="modal-cover-outer"><div class="modal-cover modal-cover--transparent-medium"></div></div>
		</div>
	<div class="loading-spinner rendered" tabindex="-1">
		<!-- Set opacity to 0 inline to prevent screen flash -->
		<div class="spinner-message visuallyhidden" style="opacity: 0">Loading</div>
		<div class="spinner"></div>
	</div></div>
<script type="application/javascript">
	!function(e){var n={eid:"SCREEN",did:"ce53ac47-e00b-4755-939a-50b9affc457c",type:"epub",screenType:"Screen",engineApi:{getEnginesBaseUrl:function(){return "../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod";},getMediaBaseUrl:function(){return "../media";},getSkinsBaseUrl:function(){return "../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod/skins_20221215125633UTC-prod/vcs";},getActivityData:function(){return "&lt;blocks&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;2710f8e2-9c1a-484b-99c3-292097c7564f\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_heading&gt;\n  &lt;headingLevel value=\&quot;heading\&quot;/&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style=\&quot;color:#CA500F;\&quot;&amp;gt;MINI-DICTIONARY&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_heading&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;723d8139-50a2-4cf6-9b65-246e167c660b\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style=\&quot;color:#CA500F;\&quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;A&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Abdomen &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(AB-do-men): Space in the body below the chest containing organs such as the liver, stomach, gallbladder and intestines; abdominal cavity.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Abdominal cavity&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (ab-DOM-i-nal KAV-ih-te): Space in the body below the chest containing organs such as the liver, stomach, gallbladder and intestines; abdomen.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Abdominal ultrasonography &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ab-DOM-in-al ul-trah-so-NOG-rah-fe): Sound waves are beamed into the abdomen and produce an image of abdominal organs.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Abdominocentesis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ab-dom-in-o-sen-TE-sis): Puncture to remove fluid from the abdomen.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Abdominoplasty &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ab-DOM-in-o-plas-te): Surgical repair of the abdomen.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Abduction &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ab-DUK-shun): Movement away from the midline of the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Abductor &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ab-DUK-tor): Muscle that draws a limb away from the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Abnormal &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ab-NOR-mal): Pertaining to away from the rule or order.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Abortion &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ah-BOR-shun): Termination of pregnancy before the embryo or fetus can exist on its own.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Abruptio placentae&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (ah-BRUP-se-o plah-SEN-te): Premature separation of the normally implanted placenta.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Abscess &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(AB-ses): Cavity containing pus surrounded by inflamed tissue; usually the result of localized infection.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Absence seizure&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (AB-sens SE-zhur): Minor form of seizure, consisting of momentary clouding of consciousness and loss of awareness.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Absorption &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ab-SORP-shun): Passage of materials though the walls of the small intestine into the bloodstream.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Accommodation &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ah-kom-o-DA-shun): Normal adjustment of the eye to focus on objects from far to near.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;ACE inhibitor&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (ACE in-HIB-ih-tor): Drug that lowers blood pressure by dilating blood vessels (antihypertensive).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Acetabular &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ah-seh-TAB-u-lar): Pertaining to the acetabulum.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Acetabulum &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ah-seh-TAB-u-lum): Rounded depression, or socket, in the pelvis that joins the femur, forming the hip joint.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Acetone &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(AS-eh-tohn): A type of ketone body formed when fatty acids are broken down in the liver.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Acetylcholine &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(a-se-til-KO-leen): Neurotransmitter chemical released at the ends of nerve cells.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Achalasia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ak-ah-LA-jah): Failure of the lower esophageal sphincter muscle (LES) to relax.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Achlorhydria &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(a-chlor-HI-dre-ah): Absence of hydrochloric acid from the gastric juice.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Achondroplasia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(a-kon-dro-PLA-ze-ah): Inherited disorder in which the bones of the arms and legs fail to grow to normal size; achondroplastic dwarfism.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Acne &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(AK-ne): Chronic papular and pustular eruption of the skin with increased production of sebum.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Acoustic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ah-KOOS-tik): Pertaining to hearing.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Acoustic neuroma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ah-KOOS-tik nu-RO-mah): Benign tumor arising from the acoustic nerve.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Acquired immunodeficiency syndrome&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (ah-KWI-erd im-u-no-deh-FIH-shen-se SIN-drohm): Depression or suppression of the immune system after exposure to the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV); marked by opportunistic infections, secondary neoplasms, and neurologic problems.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Acromegaly &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ak-ro-MEG-ah-le): Enlargement of extremities due to increased secretion of growth hormone from the pituitary gland after puberty.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Acromion &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ak-RO-me-on): Outward extension of the shoulder blade forming the point of the shoulder.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Acrophobia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ak-ro-FO-be-ah): Fear of heights.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Acute &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(uh-KYOOT): Characterized by severe symptoms and a short course of illness.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Acute coronary syndromes &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(uh-KYOOT KOR-o-nair-e SIN-drohms): Consequences of plaque rupture in coronary arteries; unstable angina and myocardial infarction (heart attack).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Acute lymphoid leukemia&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (uh-KYOOT LIMF-oyd lu-KE-me-ah): Malignant, immature lymphocytes (lymphoblasts) multiply in the blood, bone marrow, and lymphatic system.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Acute myeloid leukemia&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (uh-KYOOT MI-eh-loyd lu-KE-me-ah): Malignant, immature granulocytes (myeloblasts) multiply in the bone marrow and bloodstream.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Adaptive immunity &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ah-DAP-tiv ih-MU-nih-te): The ability to recognize and remember specific antigens and mount an attack on them.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Addiction &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ah-DIK-shun): Physical and psychological dependence on and craving for a drug.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Addison disease &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(AD-ih-son dih-ZEEZ): Hypofunctioning of the adrenal cortex; decreased secretion of aldosterone and cortisol.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Additive action &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(AD-it-ive AK-shun): Drug action in which the combination of two similar drugs is equal to the sum of the effects of each.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Adduction &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ah-DUK-shun): Movement toward the midline of the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Adductor &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ah-DUK-tor): Muscle that draws a limb toward the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Adenitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ah-deh-NI-tis): Inflammation of a gland.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Adenocarcinoma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ah-deh-no-kar-sih-NO-mah): Cancerous tumor of glandular tissue.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Adenohypophysis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ah-den-o-hi-POF-ih-sis): Anterior lobe of the pituitary gland.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Adenoid hypertrophy&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (AH-den-oyd hi-PER-tro-fe): Increased development of adenoids.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Adenoidectomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ah-den-oyd-EK-to-me): Removal of the adenoids.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Adenoids &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(AH-deh-noydz): Small masses of lymphatic tissue in the throat, close to the nasal (nose) passageway.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Adenoma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ah-deh-NO-mah): Tumor of a gland; benign tumor.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Adenopathy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ah-deh-NOP-ah-the): Disease condition of a “gland”, actually refers to disease of lymph nodes; lymphadenopathy.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Adiocyte &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(AH-dih-po-site): Fat cell.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Adipose &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(AH-dih-pohz): Pertaining to fat.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Adjuvant chemotherapy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(AD-ju-vant ke-mo-THER-ah-pe): Treatment of disease with drugs to assist or enhance after primary treatment.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Adnexa uteri &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ad-NEK-sah U-ter-i): Accessory structures associated with the uterus; fallopian tubes and ovaries.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Adrenal cortex&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (ah-DRE-nal KOR-teks): Outer section (cortex) of each adrenal gland; secretes cortisol, aldosterone, and sex hormones.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Adrenal glands&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (ah-DRE-nal glanz): Endocrine glands above the kidney.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Adrenal medulla&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (ah-DRE-nal me-DU-lah): Inner section (medulla) of each adrenal gland; secretes epinephrine and norepinephrine.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Adrenal virilism&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (ah-DRE-nal VIR-il-izm): Excessive secretion of adrenal androgens.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Adrenalectomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ah-dre-nal-EK-to-me): Removal of an adrenal gland.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Adrenaline &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ah-DREH-nah-lin): Hormone secreted by the adrenal medulla; increases heart rate and blood pressure. Also called epinephrine.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Adrenocorticotropic hormone&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (ah-dre-no-kor-tih-ko-TROP-ik HOR-mone): Secretion from the anterior lobe of the pituitary gland; stimulates the adrenal cortex; ACTH.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Adrenocorticotropin &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ah-dre-no-kor-tih-ko-TRO-pin): Adrenocorticotropic hormone; ACTH.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Aerosol &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(AIR-o-sol): Particles of drug suspended in air and inhaled.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Affect &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(AF-ekt): External expression of emotion; emotional response.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Afferent nerves &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(AF-er-ent nervz): Carry nervous impulses &amp;lt;em&amp;gt;toward &amp;lt;/em&amp;gt;the brain and spinal cord; sensory nerves.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Agoraphobia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ah-gor-ah-FO-be-ah): Fear of open spaces; an anxiety disorder.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Akinetic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(a-kih-NET-ik): Pertaining to loss or absence of voluntary movement.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Albinism &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(AL-bih-niz-im): Condition of skin deficient in pigment (melanin).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Albumin &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(al-BU-min): Major protein found in blood.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Albuminuria &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(al-bu-min-U-re-ah): Protein in the urine.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Aldosterone &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(al-DOS-teh-rone): Hormone secreted by the adrenal cortex; regulates salt and water balance.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Alkylating agents &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(AL-kih-la-ting A-jents): Synthetic chemicals used in treatment of cancer. They interfere with DNA synthesis and cell division to prevent cancer cells from increasing in number.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Allergen &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(AL-er-jen): Substance capable of causing a specific hypersensitivity reaction; a type of antigen.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Allergy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(AL-er-je): Abnormal hypersensitivity acquired by exposure to an antigen (allergen).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Alopecia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(al-o-PE-she-ah): Partial or complete lack of hair.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Alopecia areata&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (al-o-PE-she-ah ar-e-AT-ah): Autoimmune disease in which hair falls out in round patches.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Alveolar &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(al-ve-O-lar): Pertaining to an alveolus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Alveolus; &amp;lt;em&amp;gt;pl&amp;lt;/em&amp;gt;. alveoli&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (al-VE-o-lus; al-VE-o-li): Individualized section of an air sac in the lung.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Alzheimer disease&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (ALZ-hi-mer dih-ZEEZ): Brain disorder marked by gradual and progressive mental deterioration (dementia), personality changes, and impairment of daily functioning.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Amblyopia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(am-ble-O-pe-ah): Decreased visual acuity often in a single eye and appearing in children; lazy eye.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Amenorrhea &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(a-men-o-RE-ah): Absence of menstrual flow.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Amino acids&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (ah-ME-no AS-idz): Small building blocks of proteins, released when proteins are digested.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Amnesia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(am-NE-ze-ah): Loss of memory.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Amniocentesis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(am-ne-o-sen-TE-sis): Puncture with a needle to withdraw fluid from within the amniotic sac.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Amnion &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(AM-ne-on): Innermost membrane surrounding the embryo and fetus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Amniotic fluid&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (am-ne-OT-ik FLU-id): Fluid contained within the amniotic sac surrounding the embryo and fetus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Amphetamine &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(am-FET-ah-meen): Central nervous system stimulant.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Amylase &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(AM-ih-layz): Enzyme that digests (breaks down): starches into simpler substances (such as sugars).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Amylase and lipase tests&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (am-ih-LAYZ and LI-pays tests): Tests for the levels of amylase and lipase enzymes in the blood.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (a-mi-o-TRO-fik LA-ter-al skleh-RO-sis): Degenerative disorder of motor neurons in the spinal cord and brainstem leading to progressive muscular paralysis; Lou Gehrig disease.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Anabolism &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ah-NAB-o-liz-im): Process of building up proteins in cells.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Anal fistula&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (A-nal FIS-tu-la): Abnormal tube-like passageway near the anus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Analgesia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(an-al-JE-ze-ah): Absence of sensitivity to pain.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Analgesic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(an-al-JE-sik): Drug that relieves pain.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Analysis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ah-NAL-ih-sis): Separation of a substance into various parts.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Anaphylaxis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(an-ah-fih-LAK-sis): Exaggerated hypersensitivity reaction to a previously encountered drug or foreign protein.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Anaplasia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(an-ah-PLA-ze-ah): Loss of differentiation of cells and reversion to a more primitive, unspecialized cell type.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Anastomosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ah-nas-to-MO-sis): Surgical procedure that creates a new opening between two previously unconnected tubular structures in the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Androgen &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(AN-dro-jen): Male hormone secreted by the testes; responsible for developing and maintaining male secondary sex characteristics. Testosterone is an example.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Anemia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ah-NE-me-ah): Condition marked by reduction in the number of erythrocytes or in the amount of hemoglobin in blood.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Anencephaly &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(an-en-SEF-ah-le): Congenital condition of partial or complete absence of brain matter.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Anesthesia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(an-es-THE-ze-ah): Absence of nervous feeling or sensation.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Anesthetic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(an-es-THET-ik): Drug that reduces or eliminates nervous sensation; general and local.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Aneurysm &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(AN-yoo-rih-zim): Weakening of an arterial wall, which may lead to hemorrhage and cerebrovascular accident (stroke).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Angina &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(an-JI-nah): Chest pain associated with myocardial ischemia (poor blood supply).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Angiogenesis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(an-je-o-JEN-ih-sis): Formation of blood vessels.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Angiogram &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(AN-je-o-gram): X-ray record of blood vessels.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Angiography &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(an-je-OG-rah-fe): X-ray imaging of blood vessels after injection of contrast material.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Angioplasty &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(AN-je-o-plas-te): Surgical repair of a blood vessel.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Angiotensin II receptor blocker &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(an-je-o-TEN-sin 2 re-CEP-tor BLOK-er): Drug that lowers blood pressure by preventing angiotensin from acting on receptors in blood vessels.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Anhidrosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(an-hi-DRO-sis): Absence of sweating.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Anisocoria &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(an-i-so-KO-re-ah): Inequality in the size of pupils.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Anisocytosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(an-i-so-si-TO-sis): Inequality in the size of red blood cells.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ankylosing spondylitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ang-kih-LO-sing spon-dih-LI-tis): Chronic, progressive arthritis with stiffening of joints, primarily of the spine.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ankylosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ang-kih-LO-sis): Immobility (fusion) of a joint due to disease, injury, or surgical procedure.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Anorexia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(an-or-EK-se-ah): Lack of appetite.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Anorexia nervosa&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (an-o-REK-se-ah ner-VO-sah): Eating disorder of excessive dieting and refusal to maintain a normal body weight.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Anosmia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(an-OZ-me-ah): Loss of the sense of smell.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Anovulatory &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(an-OV-u-lat-or-e): Pertaining to the absence of ovulation.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Anoxia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ah-NOK-se-ah): Without oxygen.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Antacid &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ant-AS-id): Drug that neutralizes acid in the stomach.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Antagonistic action&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (an-tag-on-NIS-tik AK-shun): Combination of two drugs gives less than the sum of the effects of each together.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ante cibum&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (AN-te SE-bum): Before meals; (a.c.).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Anteflexion &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(an-te-FLEK-shun): Bending forward.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Antepartum &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(an-te-PAR-tum): Before birth.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Anterior &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(an-TE-re-or): Pertaining to the front portion of the body; ventral&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Anterior chamber&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (an-TE-re-or CHAYM-ber): Area of the eye behind the cornea and in front of the lens and iris. It contains aqueous humor.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Anteroposterior &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(an-ter-o-pos-TE-re-or): In this AP x-ray view, x-rays travel from an anteriorly placed source to a posteriorly placed detector (x-ray beam passes from the front to the back of the body).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Anthracosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(an-thrah-KO-sis): Abnormal condition of coal dust in the lungs; black lung disease.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Antiandrogen &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(an-te-AN-dro-jen): Drug that blocks the formation of androgens or interferes with their effect in tissues.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Antiarrhythmic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(an-te-a-RITH-mik): Drug that treats abnormal heart rhythms.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Antibiotic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(an-tih-bi-OT-ik): Chemical substance that has the ability to inhibit or destroy foreign organisms in the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Antibody &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(AN-tih-bod-e): Protein made by white blood cells in response to foreign substances (antigens) in the blood.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Anticoagulant &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(an-tih-ko-AG-ul-lant): Substance that prevents blood clotting.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Anticonvulsant &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(an-tih-kon-VUL-sant): Drug that prevents convulsions and seizures.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Antidepressant &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(an-tih-de-PRES-ant): Drug that relieves symptoms of depression.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Antidiabetic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(an-tih-di-ah-BET-ik): Drug given to prevent or treat diabetes mellitus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Antidiarrheal &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(an-tih-di-ah-RE-al): Drug that prevents diarrhea.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Antidiuretic hormone &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(an-tih-di-u-RET-ik HOR-mone): Pituitary gland hormone that stimulates the kidney to decrease production of urine, preventing excess loss of water. Also called vasopressin.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Antidote&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (AN-tih-dote): Agent given to counteract an unwanted effect of a drug.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Antiemetic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(an-te-eh-MET-ik): Drug that prevents nausea and vomiting.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Antigen &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(AN-tih-jen): Foreign substance or toxin (poison) that stimulates the production of an antibody; evokes an immune response.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Antiglobulin test&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (an-tih-GLOB-u-lin test): Test for the presence of antibodies that coat and damage erythrocytes; Coombs test.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Antihistamine &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(an-tih-HIS-tah-meen): Drug that blocks the action of histamine and helps prevent symptoms of allergy.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Antimetabolites &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(an-tih-meh-TAB-o-lites): Chemicals that prevent cell division by inhibiting formation of substances necessary to make DNA; used in cancer treatment.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Antimicrobial &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(an-tih-mi-KRO-be-al): Agent that kills microorganisms or stops their growth.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Antimitotics &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(an-tih-mi-TOT-iks): Drugs that block mitosis (cell division); used to treat cancer.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Antinauseant &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(an-tih-NAW-ze-ant): Drug that relieves nausea and vomiting; antiemetic.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Antinuclear antibody test &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(an-te-NU-kle-ar AN-tih-bod-e test): Detects an antibody present in serum of patients with systemic lupus erythematosus and other autoimmune diseases.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Antiplatelet &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(an-tih-PLAYT-let): Drug that reduces the tendency of platelets to stick together and form a clot.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Antipruritic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(an-tih-pru-RIT-ik): Drug that acts against itching (pruritus).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Antipyretic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(an-tih-pih-RET-ik): Drug that lowers fever.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Antisepsis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(an-tih-SEP-sus): Destruction of microorganisms to prevent infection.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Antisocial personality&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (an-te-SO-shal per-son-AL-ih-te): Characterized by lack of loyalty or concern for others and lack of moral standards.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Antitoxin&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (an-tih-TOX-in): Substance produced against a toxin (poison); an antibody.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Antiulcer &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(an-te-UL-ser): Drug that inhibits the secretion of acid by cells lining the stomach.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Antiviral &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(an-te-VI-ral): Drug that acts against viruses such as the herpes virus and HIV.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Anuria &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(an-U-re-ah): Suppression of urine formation.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Anus &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(A-nus): Opening of the rectum to the outside of the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Anxiety &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;disorders (ang-ZI-et-e dis-OR-derz): Characterized by unpleasant tensions, distress, and avoidance behavior; examples are phobias, obsessive-compulsive disorder, and post-traumatic distress disorder.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Anxiolytic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ang-zi-o-LIT-ik): Drug that relieves anxiety and produces a relaxing effect.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Aorta &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(a-OR-tah): Largest artery in the body&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Aortic stenosis&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (a-OR-tik steh-NO-sis): Narrowing of the aorta.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Apathy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(AH-pah-the): Absence of emotions; lack of interest or emotional involvement.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Apex of the heart &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(A-pex of the hart): Lower tip of the heart.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Apex of the lung&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (A-pex of the lung): Uppermost portion of the lung.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Apgar score&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (AP-gar score): System of scoring an infant’s physical condition at 1 and 5 minutes after birth; assesses heart rate, respiration, color, muscle tone and response to stimuli.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Aphakia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ah-FA-ke-ah): Absence of the lens of the eye.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Aphasia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ah-FA-ze-ah): Inability to speak; language function is impaired due to injury to the cerebral cortex.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Apheresis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ah-feh-RE-sis): Withdrawal and separation of blood elements.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Aphthous stomatitis&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (AF-thus sto-mah-TI-tis): Inflammation of the mouth with small ulcers; canker sores.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Apical &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(A-pih-kal): Pertaining to the tip of an organ.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Aplastic anemia&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (a-PLAS-tik ah-NE-me-ah): Failure of blood cell production in the bone marrow.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Apnea &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(AP-ne-ah): Without breathing.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Apocrine sweat gland&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (AP-o-krin swet gland): One of the large dermal exocrine glands located in the axilla and genital areas. It secretes sweat that, in action with bacteria, is responsible for human body odor.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Apoptosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(a-pop-TO-sis): Programmed cell death.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Appendectomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ap-en-DEK-to-me): Removal or excision of the appendix.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Appendicitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ap-en-dih-SI-tis): Inflammation of the appendix.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Appendix &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ap-EN-diks): Small, tube-like organ connected to beginning of the large intestine (cecum). It is located in the right lower quadrant (RLQ) of the abdomen.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Apraxia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(a-PRAK-se-ah): Inability to perform purposeful acts or manipulate objects.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Aqueous humor&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (AH-kwe-us HU-mor): Fluid produced by the ciliary body and found in the anterior chamber of the eye.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Arachnoid membrane &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ah-RAK-noyd MEM-brayn): Middle layer of the meninges that surrounds the brain and spinal cord.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Areola &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(air-e-O-lah): Dark, pigmented area surrounding the breast nipple.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Aromatase inhibitor &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ah-RO-mah-tace in-HIB-it-or): Drug that reduces estrogen in the blood by blocking the enzyme, aromatase.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Arrhythmia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(a-RITH-me-ah): Irregular or abnormal heartbeat; literally without rhythm.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Arterial anastomosis&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (ar-TE-re-al ah-nas-to-MO-sis): New surgical connection between two arteries.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Arteriography &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ar-TE-re-OG-rah-fe): X-ray recording of arteries; contrast is injected.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Arteriole &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ar-TE-re-ohl): Small artery.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Arteriosclerosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ar-te-re-o-skleh-RO-sis): Hardening of an artery with collection of fatty plaque.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Artery &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(AR-teh-re): Largest type of blood vessel.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Arthralgia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ar-THRAL-jah): Joint pain.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Arthritis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ar-THRI-tis): Inflammation of a joint.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Arthrocentesis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ar-thro-sen-TE-sis): Surgical puncture to remove fluid from the joint space.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Arthrodesis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ar-thro-DE-sis): Surgical fusion of a joint to eliminate movement.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Athrography &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ar-THROG-rah-fe): X-ray imaging of a joint after injection of contrast material.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Arthroplasty &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ar-thro-PLAS-te): Surgical repair of a joint; total hip replacement and total knee replacement are examples.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Arthroscopy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ar-THROS-ko-pe): Visual examination of the inside of joint with an endoscope.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Arthrotomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ar-THROT-o-me): Incision of a joint.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Articular cartilage&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (ar-TIK-u-lar KAR-tih-laj): Smooth white tissue that covers the ends of bones where they come together at a joint.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Articulation &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ar-tik-u-LA-shun): Any type of joint.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Asbestosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(as-bes-TO-sis): Abnormal condition of asbestos fiber particles in the lungs.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ascites &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ah-SI-teez): Abnormal accumulation of fluid in the abdomen.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Aspermia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(a-SPERM-e-ah): Failure to produce semen.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Asphyxia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(as-FIX-se-ah): Deficient oxygen and increased carbon dioxide in the bloodstream leading to unconsciousness or death.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Asplenia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(a-SPLEN-e-ah): Absence of a spleen.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Asthma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(AZ-mah): Chronic inflammatory disorder, with airway obstruction due to bronchiolar edema, constriction, and increased mucus production.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Astigmatism &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ah-STIG-mah-tiz-im): Defective curvature of the cornea or lens of the eye.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Astrocyte &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(AS-tro-site): Glial (neuroglial) cell that transports salts and water from capillaries in the central nervous system.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Astrocytoma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(as-tro-si-TO-mah): Malignant brain tumor composed of astrocytes (glial cells).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ataxia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(a-TAK-se-ah): Without coordination.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Atelectasis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(at-eh-LEK-tah-sis): Collapsed lung.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Atherectomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ath-eh-REK-to-me): Removal of plaque (lipids and clots) that accumulate in the lining of an artery.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Atheroma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ath-er-O-mah): Mass of fatty plaque that collects in an artery.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Atherosclerosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ath-er-o-skleh-RO-sis): Fatty plaque deposits in the interior lining of an artery; a form of arteriosclerosis.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Atopic dermatitis&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (a-TOP-ik der-mah-TI-tis): Inflammation of skin (rash and intense itching) that tends to occur in patients with a family history of allergic reactions.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Atopy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(AT-o-pe): Intense allergic reaction (such as asthma) influenced by hereditary tendency or predisposition.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Atresia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(a-TRE-ze-ah): Absence of a normal opening.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Atrial &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(A-tre-al): Pertaining to an atrium (upper chamber of the heart).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Atrial fibrillation&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (A-tre-al fib-rih-LA-shun): Electrical impulses move randomly throughout the atria, causing the atria to quiver instead of contracting with a normal rhythm.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Atrioventricular block&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (a-tre-o-ven-TRIK-u-lar blok): Failure of proper conduction of impulses from the SA node through the AV node to the atrioventricular bundle (bundle of His).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Atrioventricular bundle&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (a-tre-o-ven-TRIK-u-lar BUN-dil): Specialized muscle fibers connecting the atria with the ventricles and transmitting impulses between them; bundle of His.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Atrioventricular node&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (a-tre-o-ven-TRIK-u-lar node): Specialized tissue in the wall between the atria. Electrical impulses pass from the sino-atrial node (pacemaker) through the atrioventricular node and atrioventricular bundle (bundle of His) toward the ventricles.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Atrium; &amp;lt;em&amp;gt;pl&amp;lt;/em&amp;gt;. atria &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(A-tre-um; A-tre-ah): Upper chamber of the heart.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Atrophy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(AT-ro-fe): Decrease in size of normally developed organ or tissue of the body; wasting away.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Atypical antipsychotics&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (a-TIP-ik-al an-tih-si-KOT-iks): Drugs used to treat schizophrenia, bipolar disorder and other serious mental illnesses (psychoses).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Audiogram &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(AW-de-o-gram): Record of hearing using an audiometer.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Audiologist &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(aw-de-OL-o-jist): Healthcare professional specializing in the evaluation and rehabilitation of people with hearing loss.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Audiometer &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(aw-de-OM-eh-ter): Instrument to measure or test hearing.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Audiometry &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(aw-de-OM-eh-tre): Testing the sense of hearing.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Auditory canal &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(AW-dih-to-re kah-NAL): Channel that leads from the pinna to the eardrum.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Auditory meatus&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (AW-dih-to-re me-A-tus): Auditory canal.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Auditory nerve fibers &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(AW-dih-to-re nerv FI-berz): Carry impulses from the inner ear to the brain (cerebral cortex).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Auditory tube &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(AW-dih-to-re toob): Channel between the middle ear and the nasopharynx; eustachian tube.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Aura &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(AW-rah): Peculiar sensation appearing before more definite symptoms.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Aural &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(AW-ral): Pertaining to the ear.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Auricle &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(AW-rih-kl): Protruding part of the external ear; pinna.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Auscultation&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (aw-skul-TA-shun): Listening for sounds in the chest and abdomen using a stethoscope.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Autism &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(AW-tizm): Neurodevelopmental disorder characterized by inhibited social interaction and communication and by restricted, repetitive behavior.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Autoimmune disease&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (aw-to-ih-MEWN dih-ZEEZ): Condition in which the immune system (antibodies) attacks nomal, healthy cells producing chronic, disabling diseases.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Autologous transfusion&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (aw-TOL-o-gus trans-FU-zhun): Removal and then reinfusion of a patient’s own blood or blood components.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Autonomic nervous system&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (aw-to-NOM-ik NER-vus SIS-tem): Nerves that control involuntary body functions of muscles, glands, and internal organs.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Autopsy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(AW-top-se): Examination of a body after death (postmortem) to determine the cause of death.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Avoidant personality&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (ah-VOY-dant per-son-AL-ih-te): Personality disorder marked by a pattern of social inhibition, feelings of inadequacy, and hypersensitivity to negative evaluation.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Axillary &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(AK-sil-ar-e): Pertaining to the under arm or armpit.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Axillary nodes &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(AKS-il-ar-e nodes): Lymph nodes under the arm.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Axon &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(AKS-on): Microscopic fiber that carries a nervous impulse along a nerve cell.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Azoospermia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(a-zo-o-SPERM-e-ah): Lack of sperm in the semen.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Azotemia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(az-o-TE-me-ah): Excess nitrogenous waste products in the blood; uremia.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;ecdc3a5f-0425-4b89-becd-95400984a9be\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style=\&quot;color:#CA500F;\&quot;&amp;gt;B&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;B cell&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (B sel): Lymphocyte that matures into a plasma cell to secrete antibodies.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Bacilli &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(bah-SIL-i): Rod-shaped bacteria that are the cause of tuberculosis.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Bacterial analyses&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (bak-TE-re-al ah-NAL-ih-seez): Samples of skin examined for presence of microorganisms.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Bacteriuria &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(bak-te-re-U-re-ah): Bacteria in the urine.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Balanitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(bal-ah-NI-tis): Inflammation of the glans penis.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Bariatric surgery&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (bar-e-AT-rik SUR-jer-e): Weight loss surgery including gastric sleeve and gastric bypass procedures.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Bartholin glands&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (BAR-tho-lin glandz): Two small mucus-secreting glands near the opening of the vagina to the outside of the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Bartholinitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(bar-tho-lin-I-tis): Inflammation of Bartholin glands.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Basal cell carcinoma&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (BA-sal sel kar-sih-NO-mah): Skin cancer arising from cells in the basal layer of the epidermis.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Basal layer&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (BA-sal LA-er): Deepest region of the epidermis; it gives rise to all the epidermal cells.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Base of the lung&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (base of the lung): Lower portion of the lung.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Basophil &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(BA-so-fil): White blood cell containing granules that stain blue (with a basic dye); associated with release of histamine and heparin.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Bell palsy&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (bel PAWL-ze): Unilateral paralysis of the face caused by a disorder of the facial nerve.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Benign &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(be-NINE): Non-cancerous.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Benign prostatic hyperplasia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(be-NINE pros-TAH-tik hi-per-PLA-ze-ah): Prostatic enlargement; nonmalignant.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Benign tumor &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(be-NINE TU-mor): Noncancerous growth.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Benzodiazepines &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ben-zo-di-AZ-eh-peenz): Drugs used to treat anxiety and panic attacks.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Beta blocker&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (BA-tah BLOK-er): Drug used to treat high blood pressure and control heart rate.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Biconvex &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(bi-KON-vex): Consisting of two surfaces that are rounded, elevated, and curved evenly, like part of a sphere. The lens of the eye is a biconvex body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Bifurcation &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(bi-fur-KA-shun): Branching into two parts.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Bilateral &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(bi-LAT-er-al): Pertaining to two or both sides.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Bile &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(bile): Digestive juice made in the liver and stored in the gallbladder&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Biliary &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(BIH-le-er-e): Pertaining to bile or bile ducts. Bile ducts empty bile into the small intestine (duodenum).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Biliary atresia&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (BIL-e-ar-e a-TRE-ze-ah): Congenital absence of the opening from the common bile duct into small intestine (duodenum).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Bilirubin &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(bih-le-RU-bin): Orange-yellow pigment found in bile. It is released from the breakdown of hemoglobin when red blood cells die.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Biology &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(bi-OL-o-je): Study of life (living organisms).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Biopsy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(BI-op-se): Process of removing a small piece of living tissue for microscopic examination.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Bipolar disorders&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (bi-PO-lar dis-OR-derz): These disorders are marked by alternating periods of mania and depression.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Bisphosphonate &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(bis-FOS-fo-nate): Drug that prevents bone loss in osteoporosis and osteopenia.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Biventricular pacemaker&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (bi-ven-TRIK-u-lar PACE-ma-ker): Device enabling ventricles to beat together (in synchrony) so that more blood is pumped out of the heart.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Blepharitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(bleh-fah-RI-tis): Inflammation of an eyelid.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Blepharoptosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(bleh-fah-rop-TO-sis): Sagging or drooping eyelid; ptosis.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Blood transfusion&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (blud trans-FU-zhun): Blood cells or whole blood from a closely match donor are infused into a patient.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Blood-brain barrier&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (blud-brayn BAH-re-er): Blood vessels that let certain substances enter the brain tissue and keep other substances out.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;BNP test &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(BNP test): Measurement of BNP (brain natriuretic peptide) in blood; BNP is elevated in heart failure.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Bone &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(bone): Dense, hard connective tissue composing the skeleton.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Bone density test &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(bone DEN-sih-te test): Low-energy x-ray absorption in bones of the spinal column, pelvis, and wrist; used to measure bone mass. Also called dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry (DEXA or DXA).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Bone depression &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(bone de-PREH-shun): Opening or hollow region serving as a connection for bones, or as passageways for blood vessels and nerves.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Bone marrow biopsy&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (bone MAH-ro BI-op-se): Needle aspiration of a small amount of bone marrow followed by examination under a microscope.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Bone marrow transplantation&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (bone MAH-row tranz-plan-TA-shun): Bone marrow tissue is infused intravenously into a patient.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Bone process&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (bone PROS-es): Enlarged area that extends out from bones as an attachment for muscles, tendons, and ligaments.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Bone scan&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (bone skan): Uptake of a radioactive substance is measured in bone.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Borborygmi&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (bor-bor-IG-me): Rumbling or gurgling noises produced by hyperactive movement of gas, fluid, or both in the gastrointestinal tract.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Borderline personality&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (BOR-der-line per-son-AL-ih-te): Instability in interpersonal relationships and sense of self; alternating involvement with and rejection of people.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Bowel &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(BOW-el): Intestine. The large bowel is called the colon and the small bowel is the small intestine.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Brachial artery&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (BRA-ke-al AR-ter-e): Artery that carries blood to the arm.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Brachytherapy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(bra-ke-THER-ah-pe): Placement of radioactive material (small sealed containers) in contact with or implanted into tumor tissue.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Bradycardia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(bra-de-KAR-de-ah): Slow heartbeat.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Bradykinesia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(bra-de-kih-NE-se-ah): Slow movement.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Brain tumor&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (BRAYN TU-mor): Abnormal growth of brain tissue and meninges; may be benign or malignant growth.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Brainstem &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(BRAYN-stem): Lower portion of the brain that connects the cerebrum with the spinal cord; includes the midbrain, pons, and medulla oblongata.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Brand name&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (brand name): Commercial name for a drug; trade or trademark name.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Breast cancer&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (brest KAN-ser): Malignant tumor of the breast (arising from milk glands and ducts).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Bronchiectasis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(brong-ke-EK-tah-sis): Abnormal condition of the lung in which bronchi become damaged and widened (dilated); usually secondary to infection.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Bronchioles &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(BRONG-ke-ohlz): Small bronchial tubes.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Bronchiolitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(brong-ke-o-LI-tis): Inflammation of a bronchiole.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Bronchitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(brong-KI-tis): Inflammation of bronchial tubes.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Bronchoalveolar lavage &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(BRONG-ko-al-ve-O-lar lah-VAJ): Irrigation or washing of a bronchus by injecting fluid through a bronchoscope and then removing it to analyze the contents.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Bronchodilator &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(brong-ko-DI-la-tor): Agent that dilates (widens) blood vessels and relieves bronchospasm.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Bronchopleural &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(brong-ko-PLU-ral): Pertaining to the bronchus and the pleura.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Bronchoscopy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(brong-KOS-ko-pe): Visual examination of the bronchial tubes using an endoscope or bronchoscope.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Bronchospasm &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(BRONG-ko-spaz-im): Involuntary muscular contractions in bronchial tubes leading to narrowing of the bronchi.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Bronchus; &amp;lt;em&amp;gt;pl&amp;lt;/em&amp;gt;. bronchi&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (BRONG-kus; BRONG-ki): Branch of the trachea that leads toward the air sacs of the lung.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Bruit &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(BRU-e): Abnormal blowing or swishing sound heard on auscultation of an artery or an organ.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Buccal &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(BUK-al): Pertaining to the cheek.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Buccal mucosa &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(BUK-al mu-KO-sah): Mucous membrane lining the cheek.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Bulbourethral glands &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(bul-bo-u-RE-thral glandz): Pair of exocrine glands, located on either side of the male urethra, just below the prostate. They secrete fluid that becomes part of semen.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Bulimia nervosa &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(bu-LE-me-ah ner-VO-sah): Eating disorder marked by binge eating followed by induced vomiting or other forms of purging, such as misuse of laxatives or enemas; also associated with depression.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Bulla;&amp;lt;em&amp;gt; pl&amp;lt;/em&amp;gt;. bullae&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (BUL-ah; BUL-e): Large blister.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;BUN &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(B-U-N): Measurement of urea levels in blood.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Bundle of His &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(BUN-dil of hiss): Atrioventricular bundle.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Bunion &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(BUN-yun): Enlargement of bone or tissue around the joint at the base of the big toe (metatarsophalangeal joint); hallux valgus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Burns &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(burnz): Injuries to tissues caused by heat contact.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Bursa; &amp;lt;em&amp;gt;pl&amp;lt;/em&amp;gt;. bursae &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(BUR-sah; BUR-se): Sac of fluid near a joint; promotes smooth sliding of one tissue against another.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Bursitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(bur-SI-tis): Inflammation of a bursa.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;7eb501f3-c15d-4398-aaf6-0e3a24d47aea\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style=\&quot;color:#CA500F;\&quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;C&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cachexia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(kah-KEK-se-ah): General ill health (muscle wasting and weight loss) associated with severe, chronic disease, such as cancer.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Caffeine &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(kaf-een): Central nervous system stimulant.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Calcaneal &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(kal-KA-ne-al): Pertaining to the calcaneus (heel bone).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Calcaneus &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(kal-KA-ne-us): Heel bone.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Calciferol &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(kal-SIF-er-ol): Active form of vitamin D secreted by the kidneys.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Calcitonin &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(kal-sih-TO-nin): Hormone secreted by the thyroid gland; lowers calcium levels in the blood.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Calcium &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(KAL-se-um): One of the mineral constituents of bone.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Calcium channel blocker&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (KAL-se-um CHAN-el BLOK-er): Cardiovascular drug used to treat chest pain (angina) and high blood pressure (hypertension).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Caliceal &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ka-lih-SE-al): Pertaining to a calyx (cup-like collecting region of the renal pelvis).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Caliectasis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ka-le-EK-tah-sis): Dilation or widening of a calyx. This occurs when urine is backed up in the kidney as in hydronephrosis.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Callus &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(KAL-us): Hard, thickened area of skin occurring in areas of the body exposed to friction or pressure.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Calyx; &amp;lt;em&amp;gt;pl&amp;lt;/em&amp;gt;. calyces &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(KA-liks; KA-lih-seez): Cup-like collecting region of the renal pelvis (central section of the kidney).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cancellous bone&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (KAN-sel-us bone): Spongy, porous bone tissue in the inner part of a bone.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Canine teeth&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (KA-nine teeth): Pointed dog-like (canine means dog) teeth next to the incisors.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cannabis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(KAN-ah-bis): Plant substance from which marijuana is obtained.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Capillary &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(KAP-ih-lair-e): Smallest type of blood vessel.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Carbon dioxide &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(KAR-bon di-OX-ide): Gas produced in tissue cells when oxygen and food combine; exhaled through the lungs.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Carcinogenesis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(kar-sih-no-JEN-eh-sis): Formation or production of cancer.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Carcinogenic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(kar-sih-no-JEN-ik): Pertaining to producing cancer.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Carcinogens &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(kar-SIH-no-jenz): Substances that produces cancer.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Carcinoma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(kar-sih-NO-mah): Cancerous (malignant) tumor. &amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Carcinoma in situ&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (kar-sih-NO-mah in SI-tu): Early, localized form of cancer, confined to its site of origin.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cardiac &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(KAR-de-ak): Pertaining to the heart.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cardiac arrest&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (KAR-de-ak ah-REST): Sudden, unexpected stoppage of the heart; sudden cardiac death.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cardiac biomarkers&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (KAR-de-ak BI-o-mar-kerz): Chemicals are measured in the blood as evidence of a heart attack.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cardiac catheterization&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (KAR-de-ak kath-eh-ter-ih-ZA-shun): Thin, flexible tube is guided into the heart via a vein or an artery and after contrast material is introduced, blood pressure is measured, and x-rays taken to image patterns of blood flow.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cardiac glycoside&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (KAR-de-ak GLI-ko-side): Drug that treats heart failure by increasing the force of contraction of the heart; digoxin is an example.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cardiac MRI&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (KAR-de-ak MRI): Images of the heart are produced with magnetic waves.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cardiac tamponade&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (KAR-de-ak tam-po-NADE): Pressure on the heart caused by fluid in the pericardial space.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cardiogenic shock &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(kar-de-o-JEN-ik shok): Circulatory failure due to poor heart function.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cardiology &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(kar-de-OL-o-je): Study of the heart.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cardiomegaly &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(kar-de-o-MEG-ah-le): Enlargement of the heart.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cardiomyopathy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(kar-de-o-mi-OP-ah-the): Disease of heart muscle.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cardiovascular drug&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (kar-de-o-VAS-ku-lar drug): Drug that treats the heart and blood vessels; ACE inhibitors, diuretics, beta blockers, and calcium channel blockers.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cardioversion &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(kar-de-o-VER-zhun): Treatment for serious arrhythmias using brief discharges of electricity to shock the heart so that a normal rhythm can begin; defibrillation.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Carpal tunnel syndrome &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(KAR-pal TUN-nel SIN-drohm): Compression (by a wrist ligament) of the median nerve as it passes through bones and tendons of the wrist.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Carpals &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(KAR-palz): Bones of the wrist.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cartilage &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(KAR-tih-lij): Flexible, connective tissue often attached to bones at joints (articular cartilage).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Castration &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(kas-TRA-shun): Removal of sex glands (gonads); ovaries or testes.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Catabolism &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(kah-TAB-o-liz-im): Cellular process of breaking down complex nutrients to simpler substances; energy is released to do the work of the cell.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cataract &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(KAT-ah-rakt): Clouding of the lens, causing decreased vision.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Catatonia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(kat-ah-TO-ne-ah): Immobility, muscular rigidity, and mutism induced by a psychologic disorder such as schizophrenia.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Catecholamines &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(kat-ek-OHL-am-eenz): Hormones secreted by the adrenal medulla; epinephrine (adrenaline) is an example.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cathartic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(kah-THAR-tik): Drug that relieves constipation.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Catheter &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(KATH-et-er): Tube for injecting or removing fluids.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Catheter ablation&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (KATH-eh-ter ab-LA-shun): Brief delivery of radiofrequency energy to destroy areas of heart tissue that may be causing arrhythmias.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cauda equina&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (KAW-dah eh-KWI-nah): Collection of spinal nerves below the end of the spinal cord.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Causalgia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(kaw-ZAL-jah): Intense burning pain, often resulting from injury to a peripheral nerve.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cauterization &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(kaw-ter-ih-ZA-shun): Destruction of tissue by burning.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;CD4+ cell &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(CD4 POS-ih-tiv sel): Helper T-cells that carry the CD4+ protein antigen on their surface.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ceasarean section &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(se-ZAIR-e-an SEK-shun): Surgical incision of the abdominal wall and uterus to deliver a fetus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cecal &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SE-kal): Pertaining to the cecum, which is the first part of the large intestine (colon).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cecal volvulus &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SE-kal VOL-vu-lus): Abnormal twisting of the cecum (first part of the colon).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cecum &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SE-kum): First part of the large intestine (colon).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Celiac &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SE-le-ak): Pertaining to the abdomen.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Celiac disease &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SE-le-ak dih-ZEEZ): Autoimmune disorder in which villi in the lining of the small intestine are damaged, resulting from dietary glutens, such as wheat, barley, and rye.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cell body &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(sel BOD-e): Part of the nerve cell (neuron) that contains the nucleus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cell membrane &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(sel MEM-brayn): Structure surrounding and protecting the cell; allows materials to pass in and out.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cell-mediated immunity&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (sel me-de-A-ted ih-MU-nit-e): T cells (cytotoxic, helper and suppressor) respond to antigens and destroy them; a type of adaptive immunity.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cellulitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(sel-u-LI-tis): Diffuse, acute inflammatory infection of the skin marked by local heat, redness, pain and swelling.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Central nervous system&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (SEN-tral NER-vus SIS-tem): Brain and spinal cord.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cephalgia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(seh-FAL-jah): Head pain; headache.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cephalic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(seh-FAH-lik): Pertaining to the head.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cephalic version &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(seh-FAH-lik VER-zhun): Procedure for turning the fetus so that its head is the presenting part to enter the birth canal first.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cerebellar &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(seh-reh-BEL-ar): Pertaining to the cerebellum.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cerebellopontine &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(seh-reh-bel-o-PON-teen): Pertaining to the cerebellum and pons.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cerebellum &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(seh-reh-BEL-um): Posterior part of the brain that coordinates muscle movements and maintains balance.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cerebral&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (seh-RE-bral): Pertaining to the cerebrum (largest part of the brain).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cerebral angiography &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(seh-RE-bral an-je-OG-rah-fe): X-ray record of blood vessels in the brain after intravenous injection of contrast material.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cerebral concussion&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (seh-RE-bral kon-KUSH-un): Type of traumatic brain injury caused by a blow to the head.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cerebral contusion&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (seh-RE-bral kon-TU-shun): Bruising of brain tissue resulting from direct trauma to the head.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cerebral cortex&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (seh-RE-bral KOR-teks): Outer region of the cerebrum.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cerebral hemorrhage&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (seh-RE-bral HEM-or-ij): Bursting of an artery in the brain.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cerebral palsy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(seh-RE-bral PAWL-ze): Partial paralysis and lack of muscular coordination due to decreased oxygen to a fetus during pregnancy or to the infant shortly after birth.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cerebrospinal fluid&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (seh-re-bro-SPI-nal FLU-id): Clear, watery fluid that circulates throughout the brain and spinal cord.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cerebrospinal fluid analysis&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (seh-re-bro-SPI-nal FLU-id ah-NAH-lih-sis): Samples of cerebrospinal fluid are examined for blood cells, protein, glucose, tumor cells, bacteria, and other substances.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cerebrovascular accident&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (seh-re-bro-VAS-cu-lar AK-sih-dent): Disruption of the normal blood supply to the brain; a stroke or CVA.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cerebrum &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(seh-RE-brum): Largest part of the brain; responsible for voluntary muscular activity, vision, speech, taste, hearing, thought and memory, among other functions.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cerumen &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(seh-RU-men): Waxy substance secreted by the external ear; earwax.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cervical &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SER-vih-kul): Pertaining to the neck of the body or neck-like lower portion of the uterus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cervical cancer &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SER-vih-kul KAN-ser): Malignant cells within the cervix; carcinoma of the cervix.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cervical dysplasia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SER-vih-kul dis-PLA-ze-ah): Abnormal cell growth within the cervix.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cervical nodes &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SER-vih-kul nodes): Lymph nodes in the neck.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cervical vertebrae &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SER-vih-kul VER-teh-bray): Seven backbones in the neck.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cervicitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ser-vih-SI-tis): Inflammation of the cervix.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cervix &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SER-viks): Neck-like, lower portion of the uterus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Chalazion &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(kah-LA-ze-on): Small, hard, cystic mass (granuloma) on the eyelid.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Chancre &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SHANK-er): Genital ulcer commonly formed during the primary stage of syphilis in males and females.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cheilosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ki-LO-sis): Abnormal condition of the lip.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Chemical name&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (KEM-ik-al name): Chemical formula for a drug.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Chemotherapy (&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;ke-mo-THER-ah-pe): Treatment using drugs.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Chlamydia&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (klah-MID-e-ah): Bacterial infection (by Chlamydia trachomatis) of the urethra and reproductive tract in men and women.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cholangiectasis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ko-lan-je-EK-tah-sis): Abnormal widening or dilation of a bile vessel (bile duct).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cholangiocarcinoma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ko-lan-je-o-kar-sih-NO-mah): Malignant tumor of bile vessels (bile ducts).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cholangiography &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ko-lan-je-OG-rah-fe): X-ray recording of the biliary system performed after injection of contrast into the bile ducts.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cholangiopancreatography &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ko-lan-je-o-pan-kre-uh-TOG-rah-fe): X-ray recording of bile vessels (ducts): and the pancreas after administration of contrast material directly into bile and pancreatic ducts.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cholangitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ko-lan-JI-tis): Inflammation of bile vessels (bile ducts).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cholecystectomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ko-le-sis-TEK-to-me): Removal (excision, resection) of the gallbladder.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cholecystojejunostomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ko-le-sis-to-jeh-jun-NOS-to-me): Formation of a new opening between the gallbladder and the jejunum (second part of the small intestine); an anastomosis.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cholecystolithiasis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ko-le-sis-to-lih-THI-ah-sis): Abnormal condition of stones in the gallbladder.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Choledochal &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ko-le-DOK-al): Pertaining to the common bile duct.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Choledochectasia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ko-le-dok-ek-TA-ze-ah): Dilation of the common bile duct.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Choledochojejunostomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ko-leh-do-ko-jeh-ju-NOS-to-me): Surgical anastomosis (creation of a new opening) between the common bile duct and the jejunum.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Choledocholithiasis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ko-leh-do-ko-lih-THI-ah-sis): Abnormal condition of stones in the common bile duct.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Choledochotomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ko-leh-do-KOT-o-me): Incision of the common bile duct.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cholelithiasis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ko-le-lih-THI-ah-sis): Abnormal condition of stones in the gallbladder; gallstones.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cholestasis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ko-le-STA-sis): Stoppage of bile flow.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cholesteatoma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ko-le-ste-ah-TO-mah): Collection of skin cells and cholesterol in a sac within the middle ear.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cholesterol-binding drug&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (ko-LES-ter-ole BIN-ding drug): Binds to dietary cholesterol and prevents its uptake from the gastrointestinal tract.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cholesterol-lowering drug&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (ko-LES-ter-ole LO-wer-ing drug): Lowers cholesterol by preventing its production by the liver; statin.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Chondrocostal &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(kon-dro-KOS-tal): Pertaining to cartilage that is attached to the ribs.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Chondroma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(kon-DRO-mah): Tumor of cartilage; benign (non-cancerous).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Chondromalacia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(kon-dro-mah-LA-shah): Softening of cartilage.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Chondrosarcoma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(kon-dro-sar-KO-mah): Malignant (cancerous) tumor of cartilage. The root sarc indicates the malignant tumor arises from a type of flesh or connective tissue.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Choriocarcinoma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ko-re-o-kar-sih-NO-mah): Malignant tumor of the placenta.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Chorion &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(KOR-e-on): Outermost membrane surrounding the developing fetus. It forms the fetal part of the placenta.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Chorionic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(kor-e-ON-ik): Pertaining to the chorion.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Chorionic villus sampling&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (ko-re-ON-ik VIL-us SAMP-ling): Sampling of placental tissues (chorionic villi) for prenatal diagnosis; CVS.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Choroid &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(KOR-oyd): Middle, vascular layer of the eye, between the retina and the sclera.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Chromosome &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(KRO-mo-sohm): Rod-shaped structure in the nucleus of a cell; contains genetic material (DNA).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Chronic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(KRON-ik): Pertaining to occurring over a long time.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Chronic bronchitis&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (KRON-ik brong-KI-tis): Inflammation of the bronchi persisting over a long period of time.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Chronic lymphoid leukemia&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (KRON-ik LIM-foyd lu-KE-me-ah): Type of leukemia in which abnormal numbers of relatively mature lymphocytes predominate in the bone marrow, lymph nodes, and spleen.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Chronic myeloid leukemia&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (KRON-ik MI-eh-loyd lu-KE-me-ah): Type of leukemia in which both mature and immature granulocytes are present in large numbers in the bone marrow and blood.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (KRON-ik ob-STRUK-tiv PUL-mo-NAIR-e dih-ZEEZ): Lung and bronchial tube conditions that block and damage airways and persist over a long period of time. Examples are chronic bronchitis and emphysema.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cicatrix &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SIK-ah-triks): Scar tissue.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cilia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SIL-e-ah): Thin hairs that are attached to the mucous membrane epithelium lining passageways in the body. Cilia found in respiratory tract and in fallopian tubes of females.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ciliary body &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SIL-e-air-e BOD-e): Structure surrounding the lens that connects the iris to the choroid. It contains ciliary muscles, which control the shape of the lens, and it secretes aqueous humor.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Circumcision &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(sir-kum-SIZH-un): Surgical removal of the foreskin (prepuce) surrounding the end of penis.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cirrhosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(sir-RO-sis): Chronic, degenerative disease of the liver.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Claudication &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(klaw-deh-KA-shun): Pain, tension, and weakness in a leg after walking has begun, but absence of pain at rest.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Claustrophobia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(klaws-tro-FO-be-ah): Fear of closed-in places.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Clavicle &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(KLAV-ih-kul): Collar bone.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Clitoris &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(KLIH-tor-is): Organ of sensitive erectile tissue anterior to the opening of the female urethra.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Coagulation &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ko-ag-u-LA-shun): Process of blood clotting.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Coagulopathy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ko-ag-u-LOP-ah-the): Disease of blood clotting.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Coarctation&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;of the aorta&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (ko-ark-TA-shun of the a-OR-tah): Congenital anomaly in which a portion of the aorta near the heart is narrowed.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Coccygeal &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(kok-sih-JE-al): Pertaining to the tailbone or coccyx.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Coccyx &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(KOK-siks): Tailbone.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cochlea &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(KOK-le-ah): Snail-shaped, spirally wound tube in the inner ear; contains hearing- sensitive receptor cells.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cochlear &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(KOK-le-ar): Pertaining to the cochlea.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cognitive behavioral therapy&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (KOG-nit-iv be-HAYV-yor-al THER-ah-pe): Changing behavior patterns and responses by training and repetition and learning how thinking patterns cause symptoms, such as anger, anxiety, and depression.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Coitus &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(KO-it-us): Sexual intercourse.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Colectomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ko-LEK-to-me): Surgical removal (excision) of the colon.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Collagen &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(KOL-ah-jen): Dense, connective tissue protein strands found in bone and other tissues such as ligaments, tendons, and skin.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Colon &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(KO-lon): Large intestine.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Colonic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ko-LON-ik): Pertaining to the colon.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Colonic polyps&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (ko-LON-ik POL-ips): Benign growths protruding from the mucous membrane of the colon.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Colonoscopy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ko-lon-OS-ko-pe): Visual (endoscopic): examination of the colon.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Colony-stimulating factor &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(KOL-o-ne STIM-u-la-ting FAK-tor): Protein factor that stimulates the growth and differentiation of developing blood cells. Examples are granulocyte CSF, erythropoietin, and thrombopoietin.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Colorectal cancer&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (ko-lo-REK-tal KAN-ser): Adenocarcinoma of the colon or the rectum or both.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Colostomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ko-LOS-to-me): New opening of the colon through the abdominal wall to the outside of the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Colposcopy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(kol-POS-ko-pe): Visual examination of the vagina using an endoscope (colposcope).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Coma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(KO-mah): State of unconsciousness from which a patient cannot be aroused.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Comatose &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(KO-mah-tohs): Pertaining to a coma.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Combination chemotherapy&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (KOM-bih-NA-shun ke-mo-THER-ah-pe): Use of multiple chemotherapeutic agents together for treatment of tumors.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Comedo;&amp;lt;em&amp;gt; pl&amp;lt;/em&amp;gt;. comedones&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (KO-me-do; ko-me-DOHNZ): Clogged hair follicle (pore) in the skin; blackhead (open comedo) or whitehead (closed comedo).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Common bile duct&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (KOM-on bile dukt): Tube carrying bile from the liver and gallbladder into the duodenum (first part of the small intestine):.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Compact bone &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(KOM-pakt bone): Hard, dense bone tissue, forming the outer portion of bones.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Complement system&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (COM-pleh-ment SIS-tem): Set of proteins in the blood that help antibodies kill their target; part of the immune system.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Complete blood count &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(kom-PLEET blood kownt): Determination of the number of all blood cells; white blood cells, red blood cells, and platelets.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Compulsion &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(kom-PUL-shun): Uncontrollable urge to perform an act repeatedly in an attempt to reduce anxiety.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Computed tomography&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (kom-PU-ted to-MOG-rah-fe): Cross-sectional x-ray imaging of an organ with or without contrast material.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Computerized tomography angiography&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (kom-PU-ted to-MOG-rah-fe an-je-OG-rah-fe): Computed tomography technique to visualize arterial and venous vessels throughout the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cone &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(kone): Photoreceptor cell in the retina that transforms light energy into a nerve impulse. Cones are responsible for color and central vision.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Congenital anomaly &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(con-JEN-it-al ah-NOM-ah-le): Abnormality present at birth; birth defect.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Congenital heart disease&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (kon-JEN-ih-tal hart dih-ZEEZ): Structural heart defects that appear at birth.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Congestive heart failure &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(kon-JES-tiv hart FAIL-yur): Heart is unable to pump its required amount of blood.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Conization &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ko-nih-ZA-shun): Removal of a cone-shaped section (cone biopsy) of the cervix.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Conjunctiva &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(kon-junk-TI-vah): Delicate membrane lining the eyelids and covering the eyeball up to the cornea.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Conjunctivitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(kon-junk-tih-VI-tis): Inflammation of the conjunctiva.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Connective tissue&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (kon-NEK-tiv TIH-shu): Tissue that supports and binds other tissues and parts. Examples are bone, cartilage, muscle, fat, and fibrous tissues.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Constipation &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(con-stih-PA-shun): Difficulty in passing (eliminating) feces (stool).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Contraindication &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(kon-trah-in-dih-KA-shun): Factor that indicates against the administration of a drug or procedure in the care of a patient.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Contralateral &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(kon-trah-LAT-er-al): Affecting the opposite side of a part of the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Contrast studies &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(KON-trast STUD-eez): Radiopaque materials (contrast media) are injected to obtain contrast between tissues that would be indistinguishable from one another.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Controlled substances&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (kon-TROLD SUB-stan-sez): Drugs that produce tolerance and dependence and have potential for abuse or addiction.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Conversion disorder&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (kon-VER-zshun dis-OR-der): Physical symptoms appear with no organic basis and as a result of anxiety and inner conflict.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cor pulmonale&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (kor pul-mo-NAH-le): Enlargement of the right side of the heart due to lung disease.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Core needle biopsy&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (core NE-del BI-op-se): Insertion of a needle into tissue to remove a core of cells to examine under a microscope.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cornea &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(KOR-ne-ah): Fibrous transparent layer of clear tissue that extends over the anterior portion of the eyeball.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Corneal abrasion&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (KOR-ne-al ah-BRA-zhun): Superficial scratch on the cornea (front the eye).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Corneoscleral &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(kor-ne-o-SKLER-al): Pertaining to the cornea and sclera (white of the eye).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Coronary arteries&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (KOR-o-nair-e AR-teh-reez): Branches of the aorta bringing oxygen-rich blood to the heart muscle.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Coronary artery bypass grafting &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(KOR-o-nair-e AR-teh-re BI-pas GRAF-ting): Arteries or veins are grafted onto coronary arteries to bypass blocked arteries and bring blood supply to the myocardium.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Coronary artery disease&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (KOR-o-nair-e AR-teh-re dih-ZEEZ): Arteries that supply blood to the heart muscle become clogged and blocked with deposits of fatty material and cholesterol (plaque).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Corpus luteum&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (KOR-pus LU-te-um): Empty ovarian follicle that secretes progesterone after release of the egg cell; literally means yellow (luteum) body (corpus).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cortex &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(KOR-teks): Outer region of an organ. The renal cortex is the outer region of the kidney.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cortical &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(KOR-tik-al): Pertaining to the cortex (outer region of an organ).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Corticosteroids &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(kor-tik-o-STER-oydz): Hormones secreted by the adrenal cortex; cortisol and aldosterone are examples.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cortisol &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(KOR-tih-sole): Hormone secreted by the adrenal cortex; increases blood sugar. It is secreted in times of stress and has an anti-inflammatory effect.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cranial bones&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (KRA-ne-al bones): Bones of the skull; ethmoid, frontal, occipital, parietal, sphenoid, and temporal.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cranial cavity &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(KRA-ne-al KAV-ih-te): Space in the head containing the brain and surrounded by the skull.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cranial nerves &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(KRA-ne-al nervz): Nerves that carry messages to and from the brain; there are 12 pairs of cranial nerves.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Craniotome &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(KRA-ne-o-tohm): Instrument to cut the skull (cranium).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Craniotomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(kra-ne-OT-o-me): Incision of the skull.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Creatinine &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(kre-AH-tih-neen): Nitrogenous waste excreted in urine; a product of muscle metabolism.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Creatinine &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;clearance (kre-AH-tih-neen KLE-ranz): Measurement of the rate at which creatinine is cleared from the blood by the kidney.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Crepitus &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(KREP-ih-tus): Crackling sound produced when ends of bone rub against each other or against roughened cartilage.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cretinism &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(KRE-tin-izm): Hypothyroidism during infancy and childhood leading to a lack of normal physical and mental growth.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Crohn disease&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (KROHN dih-ZEEZ): Chronic inflammation of the intestinal tract.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Croup &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(kroop): Acute viral infection of infants and children with obstruction of the larynx, accompanied by barking cough and stridor.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Crust &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(krust): Collection on the skin of dried sebum and cellular debris; scab.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cryogenic surgery &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(kri-o-GEN-ik SUR-jer-e): Use of extremely cold temperatures to freeze or destroy tissue.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cryosurgery &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(kri-o-SUR-jer-e): Use of subfreezing temperature to destroy tissue; cryocauterization.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cryptorchidism &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(kript-OR-kid-izm): One or both testes fail to descend into the scrotal sac near the time of birth.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;CT urography&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (CT u-ROG-rah-fe): X-ray images using computed tomography show multiple cross-sectional and other views of the kidney.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cul-de-sac &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(KUL-de-sak): Region in the lower abdomen, midway between the rectum and the uterus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Culdocentesis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(kul-do-sen-TE-sis): Needle aspiration of fluid from the cul-de-sac.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Curettage &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ku-re-TAJ): Scraping of material from the skin or from the wall of a cavity.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cushing syndrome&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (KUSH-ing SIN-drohm): Group of symptoms produced by excess cortisol from the adrenal cortex; obesity, hyperglycemia, and excess fat deposition in the body. High levels of exogenous cortisol (cortisone administration) can produce similar results.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cuticle &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(KU-tih-kul): Band of epidermis at the base and sides of the nail plate.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cyanosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(si-ah-NO-sis): Abnormal condition of bluish coloration of the skin.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cycloplegic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(si-klo-PLE-jik): Pertaining to paralysis of the ciliary muscles of the eye.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cyclothymia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(si-klo-THI-me-ah): Patient experiences alternating states of depression and exhilaration; mild form of bipolar disorder.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cyst &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(sist): Thick-walled, closed sac or pouch containing fluid or semisolid material.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cystectomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(sis-TEK-to-me): Excision (removal) of the urinary bladder.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cystic fibrosis&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (SIS-tik fi-BRO-sis): Inherited disorder of exocrine glands resulting in thick mucinous secretions in the respiratory tract that do not drain normally.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cystic tumor&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (SIS-tik TU-mor): Tumor that forms large open spaces filled with fluid.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cystitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(sis-TI-tis): Inflammation of the urinary bladder.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cystocele &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SIS-to-seel): Hernia of the urinary bladder.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cystoscopy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(sis-TOS-ko-pe): Visual examination of the urinary bladder.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cystostomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(sis-TOS-to-me): New opening of the urinary bladder to the outside of the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cytogenetic analysis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(si-to-jeh-NET-ik ah-NAH-leh-sis): Chromosomes of normal or tumor cells are examined for breaks, translocations, or deletions of DNA.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cytokines &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SI-to-kines): Proteins secreted by cytotoxic T cells that aid in antigen destruction. Examples are interferons and interleukins.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cytology &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(si-TOL-o-je): Study of cells.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cytoplasm &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SI-to-plaz-im): All of the material that is outside the nucleus and yet contained within the cell membrane.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Cytotoxic T cell &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(si-to-TOK-sik T sel): Lymphocyte that directly kills antigens; called CD8+ T cell.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;a5978b16-1324-4d18-8d38-50dd2da7d388\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style=\&quot;color:#CA500F;\&quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;D&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Dacryoadenitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(dak-re-o-ad-eh-NI-tis): Inflammation of tear glands.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Deafness &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(DEF-nes): Loss of the ability to hear.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Decalcification &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(de-kal-sif-ih-KA-shun): Loss of calcium from bones.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Decubitus &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(deh-KU-bih-tus): Lying down; a lateral decubitus position is lying down one’s the side.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Decubitus ulcer&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (de-KU-bih-tus UL-ser): Inflammation, sore, or ulcer in the skin over a bony part of the body; pressure ulcer; bedsore.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Dedifferentiation &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(de-dif-er-en-she-A-shun): Loss of differentiation of cells; reversion to a more primitive, embryonic cell type.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Deep &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(deep): Away from the surface of the body or an organ.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Deep vein thrombosis&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (deep vayn throm-BO-sis): Blood clots form in a large vein, usually in the leg.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Defecation &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(def-eh-KA-shun): Eliminating of wastes and undigested foods through the anus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Defense mechanism&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (de-FENS meh-kan-NIZM): Unconscious technique (coping mechanism) that a person uses to resolve or conceal conflicts and anxiety.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Defibrillation &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(de-fib-rih-LA-shun): Brief discharges of electricity are applied across the chest to stop dysrhythmias (ventricular fibrillation).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Deglutition &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(de-glu-TIH-shun): Swallowing.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Dehydration &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(de-hi-DRA-shun): Excessive loss of water.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Delirium &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(deh-LEER-e-um): Acute episodes of confused thinking, disorientation, agitation, and fearfulness. This usually is a reversible impairment.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Delirium tremens&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (deh-LEER-e-um TRE-menz): Anxiety, confusion in thinking, and tremors associated with withdrawal from excessive and habitual use of alcohol.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Delusion &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(deh-LU-zhun): Fixed, false belief that cannot be changed by logical reasoning or evidence.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Dementia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(de-MEN-she-ah): Mental decline and deterioration.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Demyelination &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(de-mi-eh-lin-A-shun): Destruction of myelin on axons of nerve cells (as in multiple sclerosis).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Dendrite &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(DEN-drite): Microscopic branching portion of a nerve cell; first part of the nerve cell to receive the nervous impulse.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Dendritic cell &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(den-DRIH-tik sel): Antigen-presenting cell of the immune system; shows T and B cells what to attack.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Dental caries&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (DEN-tal KAH-reez): Tooth decay.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Dentalgia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(den-TAL-jah): Pain in a tooth.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Dentibuccal &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(den-tih-BUK-al): Pertaining to the teeth and cheek.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Dentin &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(DEN-tin): Primary material found in teeth; surrounding the pulp and covered by enamel of the crown.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Deoxygenated blood&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (de-OX-ih-jeh-NA-ted blud): Blood that is oxygen-poor.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Deoxyribonucleic acid&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (de-ox-e-ri-bo-nu-KLE-ik AS-id): Genetic material (DNA) within the nucleus of a cell; controls cell division and protein synthesis.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Dependence &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(de-PEND-ents): Prolonged use of a drug that may lead to physiologic need for its actions in the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Dependent personality&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (de-PEN-dant per-son-AL-ih-te): Personality disorder marked by an excessive need to be taken care of and a pattern of submissive and clinging behavior.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Depressive disorders &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(de-PRES-iv dis-OR-derz): Group of psychiatric disorders marked by the occurrence of one or more major depressive episodes without a history of mania or hypomania.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Dermabrasion &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(der-mah-BRA-zhun): Treatment for removal of superficial scars or wrinkles on the skin using sandpaper-like material.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Dermatitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(der-mah-TI-tis): Inflammation of the skin.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Dermatologist &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(der-mah-TOL-o-jist): Specialist in the study (diagnosis and treatment) of skin disorders.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Dermatology &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(der-mah-TOL-o-je): Study of the skin.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Dermatophytosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(der-mah-to-fi-TO-sis): Fungal infection of the skin.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Dermis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(DER-mis): Middle layer of the skin.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Dermoid &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;cysts (DER-moyd sists): Benign ovarian sacs arising from immature egg cells in the ovary and containing a variety of cell types; benign cystic teratomas.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Diabetes insipidus&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (di-ah-BE-teez in-SIP-ih-dus): Abnormal condition of inadequate secretion of antidiuretic hormone (ADH) from the pituitary gland. Patients experience polyuria (excessive urination) and polydipsia (excessive thirst).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Diabetes mellitus&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (di-ah-BE-teez MEL-ih-tus): Lack of insulin secretion (Type 1) or improper utilization of insulin by cells (Type 2) leads to hyperglycemia, glycosuria, polyuria, and polydipsia.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Diabetic retinopathy&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (di-ah-BEH-tik reh-tin-OP-ath-e): Disease of the retina caused by diabetes mellitus; microaneurysms, hemorrhages, dilation of retinal veins, and neovascularization (new blood vessels) in the retina.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Diagnosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(di-ag-NO-sis): Complete knowledge of a patient’s condition.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Dialysis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(di-AL-ih-sis): Separation of nitrogenous wastes from the blood when the kidneys no longer function; hemodialysis and peritoneal dialysis are examples.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Diameter &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(di-AM-eh-ter): Measurement through the center of a circle (for example the size of the opening of a blood vessel).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Diaphoresis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(di-ah-for-E-sis): Profuse sweating.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Diaphragm &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(DI-ah-fram): Muscle separating the abdominal and thoracic cavities. The diaphragm moves up and down and aids in breathing.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Diaphysis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(di-AF-ih-sis): Shaft or mid-portion of a long bone.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Diarrhea &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(di-ah-RE-ah): Frequent passage of loose, watery stools.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Diastole &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(di-AS-to-le): Relaxation phase of the heartbeat.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Differentiation &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(dif-er-en-she-A-shun): Specialization of cells from immature to mature forms.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Diffuse &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(di-FUS): Spread over a wide area.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Digestion &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(di-JEST-shun): Breakdown of complex foods to simpler forms.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Digital rectal exam&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (DIJ-eh-tal REK-tal ek-ZAM): Finger palpation through the anus and rectum to examine the prostate gland.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Digital subtraction angiography&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (DIJ-ih-tal sub-TRAK-shun an-je-OG-rah-fe): Video equipment, computer, and x-ray machine produce images of blood vessels before and after injecting contrast material.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Digoxin &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(dih-JOK-sin): Drug that increases the strength and regularity of the heartbeat.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Dilatation &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(dih-lah-TA-shun): Widening of a vessel or an opening.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Dilation and curettage&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (di-LA-shun and kur-eh-TAZH): Widening the cervix and scraping off the endometrial lining of the uterus; D&amp;amp;amp;C.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Diphtheria &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(dif-THE-re-ah): Acute infection of the throat and respiratory tract caused by diphtheria bacteria; characterized by formation of a thick membrane that obstructs the throat and breathing.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Diplopia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(dip-LO-pe-ah): Double vision.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Disc &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(disc): Pad of cartilage between vertebrae.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Discography &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(disc-OG-rah-fe): X-ray images of cervical or lumbar intervertebral discs after injection of contrast material into the interior of the disc.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Dislocation &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(dis-lo-KA-shun): Displacement of a bone from its joint.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Dissociative disorder&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (dih-SO-she-ah-tiv dis-OR-der): Group of psychiatric disorders marked by a breakdown in memory, identity, or perception. Examples are identity disorder and dissociative amnesia.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Distal &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(DIS-tal): Far from the point of attachment to the trunk of the body or far from the beginning of a structure.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Diuresis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(di-u-RE-sis): Increased excretion of urine by the kidneys. A diuretic is an agent, such as tea, coffee or water, that increases diuresis.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Diuretic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(di-u-RET-ik): Drug that promotes or increases the production of urine (diuresis).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Diverticula &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(di-ver-TIH-ku-lah): Small, pouch-like herniations through the muscular wall of a tubular organ such as the colon.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Diverticulosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(di-ver-tih-ku-LO-sis): Abnormal outpouchings (diverticula) in the intestinal wall of the colon.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Dopamine &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(DO-pah-meen): Neurotransmitter in the central nervous system; deficient in patients with Parkinson disease.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Doppler ultrasound&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (DOP-ler UL-trah-sound): Method of focusing sound waves on blood vessels to measure blood flow.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Dorsal &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(DOR-sal): Pertaining to the back, or posterior portion of the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Dorsiflexion &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(dor-se-FLEK-shun): Decreasing the angle of the ankle joint so that the foot moves upward, toward the knee or ceiling.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Dose &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(dose): Amount of drug administered, usually measured in milligrams.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Down syndrome&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (Down SIN-drohm): Chromosomal abnormality (trisomy 21) that results in mental retardation, retarded growth, a flat face with a short nose, low-set ears, and slanted eyes.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Duodenal &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(du-o-DE-nal): Pertaining to the duodenum.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Duodenum&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (du-o-DE-num): First part of the small intestine.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Dura mater&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (DUR-ah MAH-ter): Thick, outermost layer of the meninges surrounding the brain and spinal cord.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Dwarfism&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (DWARF-izm): Short stature; height considerably below average. Congenital hyposecretion of growth hormone from the anterior pituitary gland may be a cause.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Dyscrasia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(dis-KRA-ze-ah): Blood disease.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Dysentery &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(DIS-en-ter-e): Painful, inflamed intestines commonly caused by bacterial infection.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Dyskinesia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(dis-kih-NE-ze-ah): Impairment of the ability to perform voluntary movements.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Dyslexia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(dis-LEK-se-ah): Difficulty in reading, writing, and learning.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Dysmenorrhea &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(dis-men-o-RE-ah): Painful, difficult menses (menstruation).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Dyspareunia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(dis-pah-RU-ne-ah): Painful sexual intercourse.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Dyspepsia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(dis-PEP-se-ah): Painful digestion; indigestion.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Dysphagia&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (dis-FA-je-ah): Difficulty in swallowing.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Dysphonia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(dis-FO-ne-ah): Abnormal voice or sound produced when speaking.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Dysphoria &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(dis-FOR-e-ah): Sadness, hopelessness, and depressive mood; feeling “low.”&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Dysplasia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(dis-PLA-ze-ah): Condition of abnormal formation.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Dysplastic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(dis-PLAS-tik): Pertaining to abnormal formation or development of cells; not clearly malignant.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Dysplastic nevi &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(dis-PLAS-tik NE-vi): Abnormal moles with irregular borders, indistinct margins, and mixed coloration; often precursors of malignant melanomas.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Dyspnea &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(DISP-ne-ah): Difficult breathing.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Dysrhythmia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(dis-RITH-me-ah): Abnormal heart rhythm.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Dysthymia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(dis-THI-me-ah): Depressive episodes, but not of the same intensity or duration as major depression.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Dystocia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(dis-TO-se-ah): Difficult childbirth.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Dystrophy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(DIS-tro-fe): Condition of abnormal development.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Dysuria &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(dis-U-re-a): Painful urination.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;ca122f28-f4bd-4826-9fa6-4a28df4a0545\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style=\&quot;color:#CA500F;\&quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;E&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ear thermometry &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ear ther-MOM-eh-tre): Measurement of the temperature of the tympanic membrane by detection of infrared radiation from the eardrum.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ecchymosis; &amp;lt;em&amp;gt;pl&amp;lt;/em&amp;gt;. ecchymoses &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ek-ih-MO-sis; ek-ih-MO-seez): Bleeding into the skin; a bruise.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Eccrine sweat gland&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (EK-rin swet gland): Major sweat gland in the skin.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Echocardiography &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ek-o-kar-de-OG-rah-fe): Sound waves are used to image the structure of the heart.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ectopic pregnancy&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (ek-TOP-ik PREG-nan-se): Pregnancy that is out of place (not in the uterus). A fallopian tube is the most common ectopic site.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Eczema&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (EK-zem-ah): Chronic dermatitis of unknown etiology, marked by redness, blisters, scales, and scabs; atopic dermatitis.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Edema &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(eh-DE-mah): Abnormal accumulation of fluid in tissue spaces.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Efferent nerves&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (EH-fer-ent nervz): Carry messages away from the brain the spinal cord; motor nerves.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ego &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(E-go): Central, coordinating branch of the personality.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ejaculation &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(eh-jak-u-LA-shun): Ejection of sperm and fluid (semen) from the male urethra as a result of sexual stimulation.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ejaculatory duct&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (eh-JAK-u-lah-tor-e dukt): Tube through which semen enters the male urethra.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Electrocardiogram &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(eh-lek-tro-KAR-de-o-gram): Record of the electricity within the heart.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Electrocardiography &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(eh-lek-tro-kar-de-OG-rah-fe): Process of recording the electricity within the heart.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Electrocauterization &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(eh-lek-tro-kaw-ter-eh-ZA-shun): Use of electricity to heat tissue during surgery to remove abnormal tissue growth.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Electrocautery &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(eh-lek-tro-KAW-ter-e): Use of a needle or snare heated by electric current to destroy or burn tissue (removal of warts, polyps).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Electroencephalograph&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (eh-lek-tro-en-SEF-al-o-graf): Instrument used to record the electricity in the brain.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Electroconvulsive therapy (&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;eh-lek-tro-kon-VUL-siv THER-ah-pe): Electric current produces a convulsive seizure to treat mood disorders (depression or the depressive phase of bipolar disorder); used in patients who are resistant to drug therapy or when rapid response is needed.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Electrodesiccation &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(eh-lek-tro-deh-si-KA-shun): Destruction of tissue by burning with an electric spark.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Electroencephalogram &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(eh-lek-tro-en-SEF-ah-lo-gram): Record of the electricity in the brain.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Electroencephalography &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(eh-lek-tro-en-sef-al-OG-rah-fe): Process of recording the electricity in the brain.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Electrolyte &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(eh-LEK-tro-lite): Chemical element that carries an electrical charge when dissolved in water. Examples are sodium (Na+), potassium (K+), and chloride (Cl-).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Electromyography &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(eh-lek-tro-mi-OG-rah-fe): Recording the electrical activity of muscle tissue.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Electron beam computed tomography&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (eh-LEK-tron beem kom-PU-ted to-MOG-rah-fe): Electron beams and CT identify calcium deposits in and around coronary arteries to diagnose early coronary artery disease.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Electron beam&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;s (eh-LEK-tron beemz): Low-energy beams of radiation for treatment of skin or surface tumors.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Electrophoresis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(eh-lek-tro-fo-RE-sis): Technique used to separate serum proteins by electrical charge and size.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Elimination &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(e-lim-in-A-shun): Removal of materials from the body; in the digestive system, the removal of indigestible materials as feces.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;ELIZA &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(eh-LI-zah): Test to detect anti-HIV antibodies in blood. This is a screening test for AIDS.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Embolus;&amp;lt;em&amp;gt; pl&amp;lt;/em&amp;gt;. emboli&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (EM-bo-lus; EM-bo-li): Clot of material that travels through the bloodstream and suddenly blocks a vessel.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Embryo &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(EM-bre-o): Stage in prenatal development from two to eight weeks.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Embryonal carcinoma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(em-bre-ON-al kar-sih-NO-mah): Type of testicular cancer.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Emetic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(eh-MET-ik): Drug that promotes vomiting.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Emphysema &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(em-fi-ZE-mah): Hyperinflation of air sacs with destruction of alveolar walls.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Empyema &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(em-pi-E-mah): Pus in the pleural space (cavity): surrounding the lungs; pyothorax.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Emulsification &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(e-mul-sif-ik-A-shun): Breakdown of large fat globules into smaller, digestible particles.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;En bloc resection (&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;en blok re-SEK-shun): Removal of a tumor with a large area of surrounding tissue containing lymph nodes.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Enamel &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(e-NAM-el): Hard, outermost layer of a tooth.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Encapsulated &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(en-KAP-su-la-ted): Surrounded by a capsule; benign tumors are encapsulated.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Encephalitis&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (en-seh-fah-LI-tis): Inflammation of the brain.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Encephalopathy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(en-seh-fah-LOP-ath-e): Disease of the brain.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Endarterectomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(en-dar-ter-EK-to-me): Surgical removal of plaque from the inner layer of an artery.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Endemic goiter&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (em-DEM-ik GOY-ter): Enlargement of the thyroid gland due to lack of iodine in the diet.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Endocarditis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(en-do-kar-DI-tis): Inflammation of the endocardium (inner lining of the heart).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Endocardium &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(en-do-KAR-de-um): Inner lining of the heart.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Endocervicitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(en-do-ser-vih-SI-tis): Inflammation of the inner lining of the cervix (lower, neck-like portion of the uterus).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Endocrine drug &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(EN-do-krin drug): Hormone or hormone-like drug; androgens, estrogens, and glucocorticoids.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Endocrine glands&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (EN-do-krin glanz): Glands that secrete hormones within the body, directly into the bloodstream.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Endocrinologist &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(en-do-crin-OL-o-jist): Medical specialist in the diagnosis and treatment of endocrine gland disorders.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Endocrinology &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(en-do-krin-OL-o-je): Study of the endocrine glands.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Endodontist &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(en-do-DON-tist): Dentist specializing in the inner parts of a tooth.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Endolymph &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(EN-do-limf): Fluid within the labyrinth (canals): of the inner ear; conducts sound waves.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Endometrial cancer&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (en-do-ME-tre-al KAN-ser): Malignant tumor of the uterine lining (adenocarcinoma); carcinoma of the endometrium.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Endometriosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(en-do-me-tre-O-sis): Abnormal condition of endometrial tissue located outside the uterus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Endometritis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(en-do-meh-TRI-tis): Inflammation of the inner lining of the uterus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Endometrium &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(en-do-ME-tre-um): Inner, mucous membrane lining of the uterus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Endoplasmic reticulum &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(en-do-PLAZ-mik reh-TIK-u-lum): Network of canals within the cytoplasm of the cell; site of protein synthesis.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Endoscope &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(EN-do-skope): Instrument to visually examine the interior of the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Endoscopic ultrasonography&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (en-do-SKOP-ik ul-trah-so-NOG-rah-fe): Use of an endoscope combined with ultrasound to examine the organs of the gastrointestinal tract.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Endoscopy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(en-DOS-ko-pe): Process of visual examination within the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Endothelium &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(en-do-THE-le-um): Innermost lining of blood vessels.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Endotracheal &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(en-do-TRA-ke-al): Pertaining to within the trachea.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Endotracheal intubation &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(en-do-TRA-ke-al in-tu-BA-shun): Tube is placed through the mouth and throat into the trachea to establish an airway.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Enteritis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(en-teh-RI-tis): Inflammation of the small intestine.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Enterocolitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(en-ter-o-ko-LI-tis): Inflammation of the small intestine and colon.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Enteroenterostomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(en-ter-o-en-ter-OS-to-me): New opening between two previously unconnected parts of the small intestine.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Enucleation &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(e-nu-kle-A-shun): Removal of the entire eyeball.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Enuresis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(en-u-RE-sis): Bedwetting; literally, “in urine.”&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Enzyme &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(EN-zime): Chemical that speeds up a reaction between substances.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Eosinophil &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(e-o-SIH-no-fil): White blood cell (leukocyte) containing dark granules that stain rosy with eosin (a reddish dye); associated with allergic reactions.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Eosinophilia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(e-o-sih-no-FIL-e-ah): Increase in numbers of eosinophils in the bloodstream.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ependymal cell &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(eh-PEN-dih-mal sel): Glial cell that lines the membranes within the brain and spinal cord and helps form cerebrospinal fluid.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Epidermis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ep-ih-DER-mis): Outer layer of the skin.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Epidermoid &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ep-ih-DER-moyd): Resembling epidermis or the outer layer of skin. Epidermoid tumors are composed of thin, plate-like cells.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Epidermolysis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ep-ih-der-MOL-ih-sis): Loosening of outer layer of the skin with formation of large blisters (bullae).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Epididymis&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (ep-ih-DIH-dih-mis): One of a pair of long, tightly coiled tubes lying on top of each testis. It carries sperm to the vas deferens.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Epididymitis&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (ep-ih-dih-dih-MI-tis): Inflammation of an epididymis.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Epidural hematoma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ep-eh-DU-ral he-mah-TO-mah): Collection of blood located above the dura mater.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Epigastric &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ep-ih-GAS-trik): Pertaining to above or upon the stomach.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Epigastric region&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (ep-ih-GAS-trik re-jen): Middle upper abdominopelvic region (above the stomach).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Epiglottis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ep-ih-GLOT-is): Lid-like piece of cartilage that covers the voice box and windpipe when a person is swallowing.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Epiglottitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ep-ih-glot-TI-tis): Inflammation of the epiglottis.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Epilepsy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(EP-ih-lep-se): Brain disorder marked by recurrent attacks (seizures) of abnormal nervous impulses.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Epinephrine &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ep-ih-NEF-rin): Hormone secreted by the adrenal gland in response to stress and physical injury; adrenaline. It is part of the body’s “fight or flight” reaction.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Epiphyseal plate&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (ep-ih-FIZ-e-al plate): Cartilaginous area at the ends of long bones where lengthwise growth takes place in the immature skeleton.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Epiphysis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(eh-PIF-ih-sis): Each end of a long bone.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Episiotomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ep-is-e-OT-o-me): Incision of the vulva (perineum) to widen the opening of the vagina during a difficult childbirth.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Epistaxis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ep-ih-STAX-is): Nosebleed.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Epithelial cells&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (ep-ih-THE-le-al sels): Skin cells that cover the outside of the body and line the internal surfaces of organs: epithelium.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Epithelium &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ep-ih-THE-le-um): Layer of cells covering the external surface of the body and lining the hollow tubes within the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Erectile dysfunction&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (e-REK-til dis-FUNK-shun): Inability of an adult male to achieve an erection; impotence.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Erosion &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(eh-RO-zhun): Wearing away or loss of epidermis.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Eructation &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(e-ruk-TA-shun): Gas expelled from the stomach through the mouth; belching or burping.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Erythema &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(eh-rih-THE-mah): Condition of redness of the skin.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Erythematous &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(eh-rih-THE-mah-tus): Pertaining to redness of the skin.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Erythroblast &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(eh-RITH-ro-blast): Immature, developing red blood cell.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Erythroblastosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;fetalis (eh-rith-thro-blast-O-sis fe-TAL-is): Hemolytic disease of the newborn caused by a blood group (Rh factor) incompatibility between the mother and fetus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Erythrocyte &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(eh-RITH-ro-site): Red blood cell.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Erythrocyte sedimentation rate&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (eh-RITH-ro-site sed-ih-men-TA-shun rate): Measures the time it takes for erythrocytes settle to the bottom of a test tube; useful in detection of inflammatory disorders such as rheumatoid arthritis.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Erythromycin &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(eh-rith-ro-MI-sin): Antibiotic that is extracted from a red (erythr/o) mold (-mycin). &amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Erythropenia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(eh-rith-ro-PE-ne-a): Deficiency of red blood cells.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Erythropoiesis&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (eh-rith-ro-poy-E-sis): Formation of red blood cells.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Erythropoietin &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(eh-rith-ro-PO-eh-tin): Hormone secreted by the kidney to stimulate red blood cell production in bone marrow.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Esophageal &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(eh-sof-ah-JE-al): Pertaining to the esophagus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Esophageal atresia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(eh-sof-ah-JE-al a-TRE-ze-ah): Congenital absence of the normal opening from the esophagus to the stomach.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Esophageal cancer &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(eh-sof-ah-JE-al KAN-ser): Malignant tumor of the esophagus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Esophageal varices&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (eh-sof-ah-JE-al VAR-ih-seez): Swollen, twisted veins at the lower end of the esophagus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Esophagus &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(eh-SOF-ah-gus): Tube that carries food from the pharynx (throat) to the stomach.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Esotropia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(es-o-TRO-pe-ah): Turning inward of one or both pupils; “cross eyes.”&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Essential hypertension &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(e-SEN-shul hi-per-TEN-shun): High blood pressure due to no apparent cause.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Estradiol &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(es-trah-DI-ol): Estrogen (female hormone) secreted by the ovaries.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Estrogen &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ES-tro-jen): Female hormone produced by the ovaries; promotes secondary sex characteristics and supports reproductive tissues.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Estrogenic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(es-tro-JEN-ik): Pertaining to producing estrogen.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ethmoid bone&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (ETH-moyd bone): Thin, delicate bone that supports the nasal cavity and forms part of the orbits of the eye.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Etiology &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(e-te-OL-o-je): Study of the cause of disease.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Euphoria &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(u-FOR-e-ah): Exaggerated feeling of well-being; elevated mood, “high.”&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Eustachian tube &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(u-STA-shun toob): Channel between the middle ear and the throat; auditory tube.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Euthymia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(u-THI-e-ah): Normal, non-depressed, positive mood.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Euthyroid &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(u-THI-royd): Normal thyroid function.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Eversion &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(e-VER-zhun): Turning outward.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ewing sarcoma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(U-wing sar-KO-mah): Rare malignant tumor arising in bone; most often occurring in children.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Exanthematous viral disease&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (eg-zan-THEM-ah-tus VI-ral dih-ZEEZ): Rash (exanthem) of skin due to viral infection; measles (rubeola) and chicken pox (varicella) are examples.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Excision &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ek-SIZH-un): Process of cutting out; removal; resection.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Excisional biopsy&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (ek-SIZH-un-al BI-op-se): Removal of tumor and a margin of normal tissue.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Exenteration &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(eks-en-teh-RA-shun): Removal of all internal organs within a cavity, such the pelvis.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Exfoliative cytology&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (eks-FO-le-a-tiv si-TOL-o-je): Cells are scraped from a region of suspected disease and examined under the microscope.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Exhalation &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ex-hal-A-shun): Process of breathing out; expiration.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Exhibitionism &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ek-sih-BISH-un-izm): Compulsive need to expose one’s body, particularly the genitals, to an unsuspecting stranger.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Exocrine glands &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(EK-so-krin glanz): Glands that secrete chemicals to the outside of the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Exophthalmometry &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ek-sof-thal-MOM-eh-tre): Measurement of eyeball protrusion.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Exophthalmos &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ek-sof-THAL-mos): Protrusion of the eyeball; sign of hyperthyroidism.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Exostosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ek-sos-TO-sis): Bony growth (benign) arising from the surface of bone.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Exotropia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ek-so-TRO-pe-ah): Turning to the side or outward of one or both pupils.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Expectoration &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ex-pek-tor-RA-shun): Coughing up of sputum (mucus) from the throat and respiratory tract.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Expiration &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ex-pih-RA-shun): Process of breathing out; exhalation.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Extension &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ek-STEN-shun): Increasing the angle between two bones; straightening out a limb.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;External beam radiation&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (eks-TER-nal beam ra-de-A-shun): Radiation applied to a tumor from a distant source, such a machine (linear accelerator).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Extracorporeal circulation&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (eks-trah-kor-POR-e-al ser-ku-LA-shun): Use of a heart-lung machine to divert blood from the heart and lungs during open heart surgery.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Exudate &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(EX-su-dayt): Fluid, cells, and other substance (pus) that filters from cells or capillaries oozes into lesions or areas of inflammation.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;4b560459-abeb-4de5-9143-760204bd4689\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style=\&quot;color:#CA500F;\&quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;F&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Facial &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(FA-shul): Pertaining to the face.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Facial bones &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(FA-shal bones): Bones of the face; lacrimal, mandibular, maxillary, nasal, vomer, and zygomatic bones.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Fallopian tube&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (fah-LO-pe-an toob): One of a pair of ducts through which the ovum travels to the uterus; also called oviduct.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Family therapy&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (FAM-il-e THER-ah-pe): Treatment of an entire family to resolve and understand their conflicts and problems.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Fascia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(FASH-e-ah): Fibrous membrane separating and enveloping muscle.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Fasciotomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(fash-e-OT-to-me): Incision of fascia.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Fasting plasma glucose&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (FAS-ting PLAS-mah GLU-kose): Measures circulating glucose level in a patient who has fasted at least 8 hours. Also known as fasting blood sugar test.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Fatty acids&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (FAT-te AS-idz): Substances produced when fats are digested.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Fecal transplant&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (fe-kal tranz-plant): Transfer of stool from a healthy donor into the gastrointestinal tract of a recipient. After transplant, normal stool bacteria populates the colon of the patient.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Feces &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(FE-seez): Solid wastes; stools.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Femoral &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(FEM-or-al): Pertaining to the femur.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Femur &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(FE-mur): Thigh bone.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Fertilization &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(fer-tih-lih-ZA-shun): Union of the egg (ovum) and sperm.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Fetal monitoring&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (FE-tal MON-it-or-ing): Continuous recording of the fetal heart rate and maternal uterine contractions to assess fetal status and the progress of labor.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Fetal presentation&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (FE-tal pres-en-TA-shun): Manner in which the fetus enters the birth canal.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Fetishism &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(FET-ish-izm): Use of non-living objects, such as articles of clothing, as substitutes for a human sexual love object.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Fetus&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (FE-tus): Stage in prenatal development from 8 weeks to birth.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Fiberoptic colonoscopy&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (fi-ber-OP-tik ko-lon-OS-ko-pe): Visual examination of the colon using a fiberoptic instrument (endoscope).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Fibrillation &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(fib-rih-LA-shun): Random, rapid, inefficient, and irregular contractions of the atria or ventricles.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Fibrin &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(FI-brin): Protein threads that form the basis of a blood clot.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Fibrinogen &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(fi-BRIN-o-jen): Plasma protein that is converted to fibrin in the clotting process.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Fibrocystic&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; breast disease (fi-bro-SIS-tik brest dih-ZEEZ): Numerous small sacs of fluid surrounded by dense strands of fibrous tissue in the breast.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Fibroids &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(FI-broydz): Benign tumors of the uterus; leiomyomas.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Fibromyalgia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(fi-bro-mi-AL-jah): Chronic pain and stiffness in muscles and fibrous tissue, especially in the shoulders, neck, hips, and knees.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Fibrosarcoma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(fi-bro-sar-KO-mah): Malignant tumor of fibrous or connective tissue.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Fibrosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(fi-BRO-sis): Abnormal condition (proliferation) of fibrous connective tissue; pulmonary fibrosis occurs in the lung as a side effect of radiation for lung cancer.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Fibula &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(FIB-u-lah): Smaller of the two lower leg bones.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Fibular &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(FIB-u-lar): Pertaining to the fibula.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Filtration &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(fil-TRA-shun): Process by which some substances, but not all, pass through a filter or other type of material.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Fimbriae &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(FIM-bre-e): Finger or fringe-like projections at the end of the fallopian tubes.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Fine needle aspiratio&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;n (fine NE-dil as-pih-RA-shun): Withdrawal of fluid or tissue from a cyst or solid mass by suction with a needle.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Fissure &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(FISH-ur): Groove or crack-like sore.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Flagellum &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(fla-JEL-um): Hair-like projection on a sperm cell that makes it motile.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Flatus &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(FLA-tus): Gas expelled through the anus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Flexion &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(FLEK-shun): Decreasing the angle between two bones; bending a limb.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Fluorescein angiography &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(flu-o-RES-e-in an-je-OG-rah-fe): Intravenous injection of fluorescein (a dye) followed by serial photographs of the retina through dilated pupils.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Fluoroscopy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(flu-ROS-ko-pe): Process of using x-rays to produce an image on a fluorescent screen.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Flutter &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(FLUH-ter): Rapid, but regular contractions of the heart muscle, usually of the atria.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Follicle-stimulating hormone&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (FOL-lik-il STIM-u-la-ting HOR-mone): Secreted by the pituitary gland to stimulate stimulate hormone secretion and egg production by the ovaries.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Follicular &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(fo-LIK-u-lar): Pertaining to forming small, glandular sacs.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Fontanelle &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(fon-tan-EL): Soft spot between skull bones of an infant.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Foramen magnum&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (for-A-men MAG-num): Opening of the occipital bone through which the spinal cord passes.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Fovea centralis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(FO-ve-ah sen-TRAH-lis): Tiny pit or depression in the retina that is the region of clearest vision.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Fractionation&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (frak-shah-NA-shun): Method of administering radiation treatment in small, repeated doses rather than in a few large doses.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Fracture&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (FRAK-shur): Traumatic breaking of a bone.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Fraternal twins&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (frah-TER-nal twinz): Two infants resulting from fertilization of two separate ova by two separate sperm cells.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Free association &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(free ah-so-she-A-shun): Psychoanalytic technique in which a patient is encouraged to reveal thoughts one after another without censorship.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Frontal bone &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(FRUN-tal bone): Skull bone that forms the forehead and bony sockets that contain the eyes.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Frontal plane&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (FRUN-tal playn): Vertical plane dividing the body or structure into anterior and posterior portions; coronal plane.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Fugue &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(fuge): Flight from customary surroundings; dissociative disorder.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Fulguration &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ful-gu-RA-shun): Destruction of tissue using electric sparks generated by a high- frequency current.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Fundus of the eye&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (FUN-dus of the eye): Posterior, inner part of the eye; visualized with an ophthalmoscope.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Fungal tests &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(FUNG-al tests): Scrapings from skin lesions, hair specimens, or nail clippings are sent to a laboratory for culture and microscopic identification of fungal infection.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Fungating tumor&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (fun-GA-ting TU-mor): Gross description of tumor growth in which cells pile one on top of another and project from the tissue surface.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;ae6b7689-15a3-47b9-af34-380c5f0e5723\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style=\&quot;color:#CA500F;\&quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;G&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Gait &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(gate): Manner of walking.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Galactorrhea &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(gah-lak-to-RE-ah): Excessive or abnormal secretion of milk after breast-feeding has ended.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Gallbladder &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(GAWL-blah-der): Small sac under the liver; stores bile.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Gamete &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(GAM-eet): Reproductive cell (ovum or sperm).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Gamma camera&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (GAM-ah KAM-er-ah): Machine to detect gamma rays given off by radiopharmaceuticals during scanning for diagnostic purposes.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Gamma rays&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (GAM-ah rays): High-energy rays emitted by radioactive substances in tracer studies.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ganglion cyst &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(GANG-le-on sist): Fluid-filled sac arising from joint capsules or tendons; most common in the wrist.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ganglion; &amp;lt;em&amp;gt;pl&amp;lt;/em&amp;gt;. ganglia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(GANG-le-on): Collection of nerve cell bodies in the peripheral nervous system.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Gangrene &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(gang-GREEN): Death of tissue associated with loss of blood supply.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Gastrectomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(gas-TREK-to-me): Removal or excision of the stomach.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Gastric &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(GAS-trik): Pertaining to the stomach.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Gastric cancer &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(GAS-trik KAN-ser): Malignant tumor of the stomach.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Gastroenteritis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(gas-tro-en-teh-RI-tis): Inflammation of the stomach and intestines.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Gastroenterology &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(gas-tro-en-teh-ROL-o-je): Study of the stomach and intestines.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Gastroesophageal reflux disease: &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(gas-tro-eh-sof-ah-JE-al RE-flux dih-ZEEZ): Solids and fluids return to the mouth from the stomach; GERD.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Gastrointestinal drug&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (gas-tro-in-TEST-tih-nal drug): Drug that treats conditions of the stomach and intestinal tract.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Gastrointestinal endoscopy&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (gas-tro-in-TES-tih-nal en-DOS-ko-pe): Visual examination of the stomach and intestines (GI tract) using an endoscope; esophagogastroduodenoscopy, colonoscopy, and sigmoidoscopy.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Gastrointestinal tract&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (gas-tro-in-TES-tih-nal trakt): Series of organs that carry food from the mouth to the anus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Gastrojejunostomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(gas-tro-jeh-ju-NOS-to-me): New surgical connection (anastomosis) between the stomach and the jejunum (second part of the small intestine).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Gastroparesis&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (gas-tro-par-E-sis): Loss of motility of the stomach muscles, occurring as a long– term secondary complication of diabetes mellitus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Gastrorrhagia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(gas-tro-RA-jah): Hemorrhage of blood (excessive bleeding) from the stomach.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Gastrostomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(gas-TROS-to-me): New opening of the stomach through the abdominal wall to the outside of the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Gastrotomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(gas-TROT-o-me): Incision of the stomach.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Generic name&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (jeh-NER-ik name): Legal, non-commercial name for a drug.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Genes &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(jeenz): Regions of DNA within each chromosome.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Genetic screening&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (jeh-NET-ik SCRE-ning): Family members are tested to determine whether they have inherited a cancer-causing gene.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Genitalia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(jeh-nih-TA-le-ah): Reproductive organs (genitals).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Gestation &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(jes-TA-shun): Time period from fertilization of the ovum to birth; pregnancy.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Gigantism &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(JI-gan-tizm): Hypersecretion of growth hormone from the anterior pituitary gland before puberty, leading to abnormal overgrowth of body tissues.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Gingivectomy&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (gin-gih-VEK-to-me): Removal of gum disease.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Gingivitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(jin-jih-VIT-tis): Inflammation of gums.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Glans penis&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (glanz PE-nis): Sensitive tip of the penis.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Glaucoma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(glaw-KO-mah): Increased intraocular pressure results in damage to the retina and optic nerve with loss of vision.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Glial cell&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (GLE-al sel): Supportive and connective nerve cell that does not carry nervous impulses. Examples are astrocytes, microglial cells, ependymal cells, and oligodendrocytes. Glial cells can reproduce themselves, as opposed to neurons.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Glioblastoma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(gle-o-blah-STO-mah): Malignant brain tumor of immature glial cells.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Globulin &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(GLOB-u-lin): Plasma protein; alpha, beta, and gamma (immune) globulins are examples.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Glomerular capsule&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (glo-MER-u-lar KAP-sul): Cup-like structure that surrounds each glomerulus; collects the material that is filtered from the blood through the walls of the glomerulus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Glomerulonephritis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(glo-mer-u-lo-nef-RI-tis): Inflammation of glomeruli in the kidney.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Glomerulus; &amp;lt;em&amp;gt;pl&amp;lt;/em&amp;gt;. glomeruli (&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;glo-MER-u-lus; glo-MER-u-li): Tiny ball of capillaries (microscopic blood vessels) in the kidney. As blood flows through each glomerulus, waste materials and other substances are filtered from the bloodstream.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Glossectomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(glos-EK-to-me): Removal of the tongue.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Glottis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(GLOT-is): Slit-like opening between the vocal cords of the larynx.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Glucagon &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(GLU-kah-gon): Hormone secreted by the pancreas (alpha islet cells); increases blood glucose (sugar) by conversion of glycogen to glucose.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Glucocorticoid &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(glu-ko-KOR-tih-koyd): Hormone from the adrenal cortex that raises blood sugar and reduces tissue inflammation.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Gluconeogenesis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(glu-ko-ne-o-JEN-eh-sis): Process of producing new sugar from fats and proteins; occurs mainly in the liver.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Glucose &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(GLU-kohs): Simple sugar; necessary as a source of energy for body cells.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Glucose tolerance test&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (GLU-kohs TOL-er-ants test): Measures the glucose levels in a blood sample taken at various intervals from a patient who has previously ingested glucose.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Glycemic&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (gli-SE-mik): Pertaining to blood sugar.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Glycogen &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(GLI-ko-jen): Storage form of glucose (sugar); produces glucose when it is broken down (glycogenolysis) in liver cells.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Glycogenolysis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(gli-ko-je-NOL-ih-sis): Breakdown of glycogen to release sugar.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Glycosuria &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(gli-kohs-U-re-ah): Sugar in the urine.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Goiter &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(GOY-ter): Enlargement of the thyroid gland.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Gonad &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(GO-nad): Female or male reproductive organ that produces sex cells and hormones.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Gonadotropin &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(go-nad-o-TRO-pin): Hormone secreted by the anterior lobe of the pituitary gland and acting on the ovaries or testes.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Gonorrhea &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(gon-o-RE-ah): Sexually transmitted infection (STI) involving inflammation of genital tract mucosa, caused by infection with gonococci (berry-shaped bacteria).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Gouty arthritis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(GOW-te ar-THRI-tis): Inflammation and painful swelling in and around joints caused by the deposition of uric acid crystals.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Grading of tumors &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(GRA-ding of TU-morz): Evaluating the microscopic appearance of tumor cells to determine their degree of malignant transformation.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Granulocyte &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(GRAN-u-lo-site): White blood cell with cytoplasmic granules; neutrophil, eosinophil, and basophil.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Granulocytopenia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(gran-u-lo-si-to-PE-ne-ah): Deficiency of granulocytes.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Granulocytosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(gran-u-lo-si-TO-sis): Increased numbers of granulocytes in the blood.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Graves disease &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(GRAVZ dih-ZEEZ): Hyperfunctioning of the thyroid gland; thyrotoxicosis. This is the most common type of hyperthyroidism.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Gray &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(gra): Unit of absorbed radiation dose.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Group therapy&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (groop THER-ah-pe): Patients with similar problems gain insight into their personalities through discussion and interaction together.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Growth hormone&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (growth HOR-mone): Secreted by the anterior lobe of the pituitary gland; somatotropin. It stimulates the growth of bones and soft tissues.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Gynecologist &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(gi-neh-KOL-o-jist): Specialist in the study of disorders of the female reproductive system.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Gynecology &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(gi-neh-KOL-o-je): Study of the disorders of the female reproductive system.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Gynecomastia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(gi-neh-ko-MAS-te-ah): Female-like breast enlargement in a male.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Gyrus; &amp;lt;em&amp;gt;pl&amp;lt;/em&amp;gt;. gyri&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (JI-rus; JI-re): Sheet of nerve cells that produces a rounded ridge on the surface of the cerebral cortex; convolution.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;66c45972-a7bc-4f05-9cae-2cc8c803fc88\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style=\&quot;color:#CA500F;\&quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;H&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hair follicle &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hair FOL-ih-kul): Sac within which each hair grows.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Half-life&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (HAF-life): Time required for a radioactive substance to lose half its radioactivity by disintegration.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hallucination &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hah-lu-sih-NA-shun): False or unreal sensory perception; hearing voices and seeing things.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hallucinogen&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (hah-LU-sih-no-jen): Substance that produces hallucinations.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Haversian canals &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hah-VER-zhan kah-NALZ): Minute spaces filled with blood vessels; found in compact bone.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Heart block&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (hart blok): Abnormal heart rhythm where the heart beats too slowly (bradycardia) because of interruption of electrical signals.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Heart transplantation&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (hart tranz-plan-TA-shun): Donor heart is transferred to a recipient.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Helper T cell&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (HEL-per T sel): Lymphocyte that aids B cells and stimulates T cells; CD4+ T cell.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hemarthrosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hem-ar-THRO-sis): Condition of blood in a joint.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hematemesis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(he-mah-TEM-eh-sis): Vomiting blood.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hematochezia&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (he-mah-to-KE-se-ah): Passage of bright red blood from the rectum.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hematocrit &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(he-MAH-to-krit): Percentage of red blood cells in a given volume of blood.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hematology&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (he-mah-TOL-o-je): Study of blood and blood disorders.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hematoma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(he-mah-TO-mah): Collection or mass of blood.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hematopoiesis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(he-mah-to-poy-E-sis): Formation of blood cells in bone marrow.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hematopoietic stem cell &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(he-mah-to-poy-EH-tik stem sel): Cell in the bone marrow that gives rise to all types of blood cells.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hematopoietic stem cell transplant&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (he-mah-to-poy-E-tik stem sel TRANS-plant): Peripheral stem cells found in the blood of a compatible donor are administered into the vein of a recipient.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hematuria &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hem-ah-TU-re-ah): Blood in the urine.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hemianopsia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hem-e-an-OP-se-ah): Absence of vision for one half, right or left, of an individual’s field of vision.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hemiglossectomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hem-e-glos-SEK-to-me): Removal (resection) of half the tongue.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hemiparesis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hem-e-pah-RE-sis): Slight paralysis of the right or left half of the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hemiplegia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hem-e-PLE-jah): Paralysis of the right or left half of the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hemochromatosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(he-mo-kro-mah-TO-sis): Excessive deposits of iron throughout the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hemodialysis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(he-mo-di-AL-ih-sis): Removal of nitrogenous waste from the blood in patients whose kidneys have stopped functioning. Blood leaves the body and circulates through a machine that removes wastes before sending the blood back into the body through a vein.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hemoglobin &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(HE-mo-glo-bin): Blood protein containing iron; carries oxygen in red blood cells.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hemoglobin test&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (HE-mo-glo-bin test): Total amount of hemoglobin in a sample of blood.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hemoglobinopathy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(he-mo-glo-bin-OP-ah-the): Disease or defect of hemoglobin production. Sickle cell anemia is an example.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hemolysis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(he-MOL-ih-sis): Destruction of red blood cells.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hemolytic anemia&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (he-mo-LIH-tik ah-NE-me-ah): Reduction in erythrocytes due to excessive destruction of red blood cells.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hemolytic disease of the newborn&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (he-mo-LIH-tic dih-ZEEZ of the NU-born): Destruction of red blood cells in the newborn caused by a blood group (Rh factor) incompatibility between the mother and the fetus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hemophilia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(he-mo-FIL-e-ah): Hereditary disease of blood clotting failure with abnormal bleeding. Affected individuals are lacking a blood clotting factor (VIII or IX).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hemoptysis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(he-MOP-tih-sis): Spitting up blood from the respiratory tract.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hemorrhage &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(HEM-or-ij): Bursting forth or excessive flow of blood.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hemorrhoids &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(HEM-uh-roydz): Swollen, twisted veins in the rectal and anal region.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hemostasis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(he-mo-STA-sis): Stoppage of bleeding or the flow of blood.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hemothorax &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(he-mo-THO-rax): Blood in the chest (pleural cavity) surrounding the lungs.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Heparin &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(HEP-ah-rin): Anticoagulant found in blood and tissues.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hepatitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hep-ah-TI-tis): Inflammation of the liver.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hepatocellular carcinoma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hep-at-o-SEL-u-lar kar-sih-NO-mah): Malignant tumor of the liver.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hepatoma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hep-ah-TO-mah): Tumor (cancerous) of the liver; hepatocellular carcinoma.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hepatomegaly &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hep-ah-to-MEG-ah-le): Enlargement of the liver.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Herniation of a intervertebral disc&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (her-ne-A-shun of a in-ter-ver-TE-bral disc): Abnormal protrusion of an intervertebral disc into the spinal canal or spinal nerves.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Herniorrhaphy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(her-ne-OR-ah-fe): Suture (stitching or sewing up) a hernia.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Herpes genitalis&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (HER-peez jen-ih-TAL-is): Sexually transmitted infection of the skin and genital mucosa, caused by herpes simplex virus; marked by blisters.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Herpes zoster&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (HER-peez ZOS-ter): Viral infection affecting peripheral nerves; chicken pox virus or its reactivation (shingles).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Herpetic stomatitis&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (her-PET-ik sto-mah-TI-tis): Inflammation of the mouth caused by infection with the herpesvirus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hiatal hernia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hi-A-tal HER-ne-ah): Protrusion of the upper portion of the stomach into the chest through the opening of the diaphragm.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;HIDA scan&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (HIH-dah scan): Radioactive imaging of the liver, gallbladder, and intestine. &amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hilar &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(HI-lar): Pertaining to the hilum.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hilum &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(HI-lum): Depression or hollow in the surface of an organ, such as the kidney and lung. It is the area where blood vessels and nerves enter and leave the organ.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hilum of the lung&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (HI-lum of the lung): Midline region where the bronchi, blood vessels, and nerves enter and exit the lungs.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hirsutism &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(HER-soot-izm): Excessive hair growth.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Histology &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(his-TOL-o-je): Study of tissues.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Histrionic Personality&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (his-tre-ON-ik per-son-AL-it-e): Highly emotional, immature, and dependent personality type with irrational outbursts, tantrums and flamboyant, and theatrical behavior.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;HIV encephalopathy&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (HIV en-seh-fal-OP-ah-the): Disease of the brain (dementia) caused by infection with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hodgkin lymphoma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(HOJ-kin lim-FO-mah): Malignant tumor of lymphatic tissue in the spleen and lymph nodes.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Holter monitoring &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(HOL-ter MON-ih-teh-ring): Compact version of an electrocardiograph is worn during a extended period to detect cardiac arrhythmias.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Homeostasis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ho-me-o-STA-sis): Tendency in an organism to return to a state of constancy and stability.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hordeolum &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hor-DE-o-lum): Small, superficial white nodule along lid margin due to infection of a sebaceous gland; stye.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hormonal&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (hor-MO-nal): Pertaining to a hormone.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hormone &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(HOR-mone): Chemical secreted by an endocrine gland.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Human chorionic gonadotropin&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (HU-man ko-re-ON-ik go-nad-o-TRO-pin): Secreted by the placenta to sustain pregnancy.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Human immunodeficiency virus &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(HU-man im-u-no-deh-FISH-en-se VI-rus): Virus (retrovirus) that causes AIDS; HIV.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Human papillomavirus&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (HU-man pap-ih-LO-mah-vi-rus): Infection of the skin and mucous membranes in the anogenital region by the human papillomavirus; HPV.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Humeral &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(HU-mer-al): Pertaining to the humerus (upper arm bone).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Humerus &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(HU-mer-us): Upper arm bone.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Humoral immunity&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (HU-mer-al im-MU-nih-te): B cells produce antibodies after exposure to specific antigens; type of adaptive immunity.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Huntington disease&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (HUN-ting-ton dih-ZEEZ): Hereditary disorder affecting the cerebrum and involving abrupt, involuntary, jerking movements, and mental deterioration in later stages.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hydrarthrosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hi-drar-THRO-sis): Condition of water or fluid in a joint.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hydrocele &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(HI-dro-seel): Hernia (sac of clear, watery fluid) within the scrotum.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hydrocephalus &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hi-dro-SEF-ah-lus): Abnormal accumulation of cerebrospinal fluid in the ventricles (canals) of the brain.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hydrochloric acid&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (hi-dro-KLOR-ik AS-id): Substance (strong acid): produced in the stomach; aids digestion.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hydronephrosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hi-dro-nef-RO-sis): Abnormal condition of excess backup of fluid (urine) in the kidney.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hydrotherapy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hi-dro-THER-ah-pe): Treatment using water; whirlpool baths.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hymen &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(HI-men): Mucous membrane partially or completely covering the opening to the vagina.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hypalgesia&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (hi-pal-GE-ze-ah): Diminished sensitivity to pain.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hyperacusis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hi-per-ah-KU-sis): Excessive sensitivity to sounds.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hyperbilirubinemia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hi-per-bil-e-ru-bin-E-me-ah): High levels of bilirubin (yellow/orange pigment) in the bloodstream; jaundice.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hypercalcemia&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (hi-per-kal-SE-me-ah): High levels of calcium in blood.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hypercalciuria &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hi-per-kal-se-U-re-ah): High levels of calcium in urine.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hypercapnia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hi-per-KAP-ne-ah): Increased levels of carbon dioxide in the bloodstream.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hypercholesterolemia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hi-per-ko-les-ter-ol-E-me-ah): High levels of cholesterol in the blood.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hyperesthesia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hi-per-es-THE-ze-ah): Excessive sensitivity or feeling; especially of the skin in response to touch or pain.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hyperglycemia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hi-per-gli-SE-me-ah): High levels of sugar in the bloodstream; associated with diabetes mellitus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hyperinsulinism &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hi-per-IN-su-lin-izm): Increased secretion of insulin from the beta islet cells of the pancreas.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hyperkalemia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hi-per-ka-LE-me-ah): Condition of high concentration of potassium in blood.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hyperkinesis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hi-per-kih-NE-sis): Excessive movement.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hypernatremia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hi-per-na-TRE-me-ah): Abnormally high levels of sodium in the bloodstream.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hyperopia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hi-per-O-pe-ah): Farsightedness; vision condition in which distant objects are seen more clearly than objects that are near.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hyperparathyroidism &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hi-per-par-ah-THI-royd-izm): Increased secretion of parathormone from the parathyroid glands.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hyperplasia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hi-per-PLA-ze-ah): Condition of increased formation of cells.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hyperpnea &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hi-PERP-ne-ah): Increase in breathing rate.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hypersplenism &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hi-per-SPLEN-iz-m): Syndrome of spleen enlargement (splenomegaly) and destruction of red blood cells (hemolysis).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hypertension &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hi-per-TEN-shun): High blood pressure.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hypertensive heart disease&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (hi-per-TEN-siv hart dih-ZEEZ): High blood pressure affecting the heart.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hypertensive retinopathy&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (hi-per-TEN-siv reh-tih-NOP-ah-the): Disease of the retina due to high blood pressure.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hyperthyroidism &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hi-per-THI-royd-izm): Condition of increased secretion of thyroid gland hormones.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hypertrichosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hi-per-trih-KO-sis): Abnormal condition of excessive hair growth.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hypertrophy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hi-PER-tro-fe): Increase in size of tissue or an organ due to increase in size of individual cells.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hyperuricemia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hi-per-u-reh-SE-me-ah): Increase in uric acid in the blood.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hypnosis&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (hip-NO-sis): Induction of a trance-like state of consciousness in a patient to increase the pace of psychotherapy.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hypnotic&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (hip-NOT-ik): Drug that promotes sleep or a trance-like state (hypnosis).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hypocalcemia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hi-po-kal-SE-me-ah): Low levels of calcium in blood.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hypochondriac regions &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hi-po-KON-dre-ak RE-jens): Right and left upper abdominopelvic regions (beneath the ribs).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hypochromic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hi-po-KRO-mik): Pertaining to deficiency in color; decrease in hemoglobin in red blood cells.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hypodermic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hi-po-DER-mik): Pertaining to under the skin.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hypodermic injection&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (hi-po-DER-mik in-JEK-shun): Injection of medication under the skin.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hypogastric &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hi-po-GAS-trik): Pertaining to below the stomach.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hypogastric region&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (hi-po-GAS-trik RE-jen): Middle lower abdominopelvic region (below the umbilical region).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hypoglossal &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hi-po-GLOS-al): Pertaining to under the tongue.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hypoglycemia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hi-po-gli-SE-me-ah): Low/deficient levels of sugar in blood.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hypogonadism &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hi-po-GO-nad-iz-im): Deficient functioning of the gonads (ovaries or testes).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hypoinsulinism &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hi-po-IN-su-lin-iz-im): Deficient production of insulin (pancreatic hormone).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hypokalemia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hi-po-ka-LE-me-ah): Low levels of potassium in blood.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hypomania &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hi-po-MA-ne-ah): Elevated excitement that is of lesser intensity than mania.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hyponatremia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hi-po-na-TRE-me-ah): Low levels of sodium in blood.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hypoparathyroidism &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hi-po-par-ah-THI-royd-iz-im): Decreased secretion of parathormone from the parathyroid glands.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hypophysectomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hi-pof-ih-SEK-to-me): Removal of the pituitary gland.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hypophysis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hi-POF-ih-sis): Pituitary gland.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hypopituitarism &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hi-po-pih-TU-it-ar-izm): Deficient secretion of hormones from the pituitary gland.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hypospadias &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hi-po-SPA-de-as): Congenital anomaly in which the opening of the urethra is on the underside of the penis.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hypothalamus &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hi-po-THAL-ah-mus): Region of the brain lying below the thalamus, but above the pituitary gland. It stimulates the pituitary gland to secrete and release hormones.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hypothyroidism&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (hi-po-THI-royd-izm): Decreased secretion of hormones from the thyroid gland.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hypoxia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(hi-POX-e-ah): Deficiency of oxygen in tissues.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hysterectomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(his-ter-EK-to-me): Removal of the uterus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hysterosalpingogram &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(his-ter-o-sal-PING-go-gram): X-ray imaging record of the uterus and fallopian tubes&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hysterosalpingography &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(his-ter-o-sal-ping-OG-rah-fe): X-ray imaging of the uterus and fallopian tubes after injection of contrast material.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hysteroscopy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(his-ter-OS-ko-pe): Visual examination (endoscopic) of the uterus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Hysterosonogram &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(his-ter-o-SON-o-gram): Ultrasound imaging of the uterus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;75e4792a-b707-42ec-b6de-cc8148c38406\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style=\&quot;color:#CA500F;\&quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;I&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Iatrogenic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(i-ah-tro-JEN-ik): Pertaining to produced by a treatment or a procedure.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ichthyosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ik-the-O-sis): Hereditary condition in which the skin resembles fish scales and is dry, rough, and scaly.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ictal event&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (IK-tal e-VENT): Pertaining to a sudden, acute onset, as the convulsion of an epileptic seizure.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Icterus &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(IK-ter-us): Jaundice; yellow-orange coloration of the skin and whites of the eyes caused by high levels of bilirubin in the blood.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Id &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(id): Major unconscious part of the personality; instinctual drives and desires.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Identical twins &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(i-DEN-tih-kal): Two infants resulting from division of one fertilized egg.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Idiopathic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(id-e-o-PATH-ik): Pertaining to unknown cause of disease.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Idiosyncrasy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(id-e-o-SIN-krah-se): Unexpected effect produced in a particularly sensitive individual, but not seen in most patients.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Idiosyncratic reaction &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(id-e-o-sin-KRAH-tik re-AK-shun): Unexpected effect produced in a particularly sensitive patient but not seen in most people.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ileitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(il-e-I-tis): Inflammation of the ileum (third part of the small intestine).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ileocecal sphincter&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (il-e-o-SE-kal SFINK-ter): Ring of muscles between the ileum and cecum (first part of the large intestine).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ileostomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(il-e-OS-to-me): New opening of the ileum to the outside of the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ileum &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(IL-e-UM): Third part of the small intestine.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ileus &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(IL-e-us): Loss of peristalsis with resulting obstruction of the intestines.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Iliac &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(IL-e-ak): Pertaining to the ilium; right or left upper most portion of the hip bone.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ilium &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(IL-e-um): Upper and largest portion of the hip bone.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Immune reaction&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (im-MEWN re-AK-shun): Response of the immune system to foreign invasion.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Immunity &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ih-MU-nih-te): The body’s capability to resist foreign organisms and toxins that can damage tissue and organs.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Immunoelectrophoresis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ih-mu-no-e-lek-tro-phor-E-sis): Laboratory test that separates immunoglobulins (IgG, IgM, IgD, IgE, and IgA).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Immunoglobulin &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(im-u-no-GLOB-u-lin): Protein (globulin) with antibody activity; examples are IgG, IgM, IgA, IgE, IgD.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Immunohistochemistry&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (im-u-no-his-to-KEM-is-tre): Localizing antigens or proteins in tissues using labeled (colored or fluorescent) antibodies.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Immunosuppression &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(im-u-no-su-PREH-shun): Blocking or turning off the normal immune response.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Immunotherapy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(im-u-no-THER-ah-pe): Cancer treatment using immune cells and antibodies to kill tumor cells; CAR T-cell therapy and checkpoint inhibitors are examples.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Impetigo &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(im-peh-TI-go): Bacterial inflammatory skin disease characterized by vesicles, pustules, and crusted-over lesions.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Implantable cardioverter defibrillator&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (im-PLANT-ah-bul kar-de-o-VER-ter de-FIB-rih-la-tor): Small electric device implanted inside the chest (near the collarbone) to sense arrhythmias and terminate them to restore normal sinus rhythm; ICD.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Impotence &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(IM-peh-tents): Inability of an adult male to achieve an erection; erectile dysfunction.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;In vitro&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (in VE-tro): Process, test, or procedure performed, measured, or observed outside a living organism.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;In vitro fertilization &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(in VE-tro fer-til-ih-ZA-shun): Egg and sperm cells are combined outside the body in a laboratory dish (in vitro) to facilitate fertilization.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;In vivo &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(in VE-vo): Process, test, or procedure performed, measured, or observed within a living organism.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Incision&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (in-SIZH-un): Process of cutting into the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Incisional biopsy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(in-SIZH-un-al BI-op-se): Piece of tumor is removed for examination to establish a diagnosis.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Incisor &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(in-SI-zor): One of the four front teeth on either jaw.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Incus &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ING-kus): Small, anvil-shaped bone (ossicle) in the middle ear; second ossicle.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Infant respiratory distress syndrome &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(IN-fant RESP-ir-ah-tory dis-TRES SIN-drohm): Acute lung disease commonly seen in the premature newborn.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Infarction &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(in-FARK-shun): Area of dead tissue.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Inferior &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(in-FE-re-or): Below another structure; pertaining to the tail or lower portion of the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Infertility &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(in-fer-til-ih-te): Any problem that lowers the chances of a women becoming pregnant.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Infiltrate &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(IN-fil-trayt): Collection of fluid or other material within the lung, as seen on a chest film, CT scan, or other radiologic image.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Infiltrative &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(IN-fil-tra-tiv): Extending beyond normal tissue boundaries.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Inflammatory bowel disease &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(in-FLAM-ah-tor-e BOW-el dih-ZEEZ): Inflammation of the colon and small intestine; Crohn disease and ulcerative colitis.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Infracostal &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(in-frah-KOS-tal): Pertaining to below the ribs.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Inframammary &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(in-frah-MAM-ar-e): Pertaining to below the breast.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Infrapatellar &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(in-frah-pah-TEL-er): Pertaining to below the patella (kneecap).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Inguinal &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ING-win-al): Pertaining to the groin.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Inguinal hernia&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (ING-win-al HER-ne-ah): Small loop of the bowel protrudes through a weakened lower abdominal muscle.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Inguinal nodes&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (IN-gwih-nal node): Lymph nodes in the groin region.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Inguinal regions&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (ING-win-al RE-jens): Right and left lower abdominopelvic regions (near the groin).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Inhalation&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (in-hah-LA-shun): Act of breathing in; inspiration. Also administration of drugs in gaseous or vapor form through the nose or mouth.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Insight-oriented therapy&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (IN-site OR-e-en-ted THER-ah-pe): Face-to-face discussion of life problems and feelings to increase understanding of thoughts and behavior patterns; psychodynamic therapy.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Insomniac &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(in-SOM-ne-ak): Pertaining to without sleep; an insomniac is a person who cannot sleep.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Inspiration &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(in-spih-RA-shun): Act of breathing in; inhalation.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Insulin &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(IN-su-lin): Hormone secreted by the endocrine cells of the pancreas. It transports sugar from the blood into cells.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Integumentary system&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (in-teg-u-MEN-tair-e SIS-tem): Skin and its accessory organs such as hair and nails.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Intercostal &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(in-ter-KOS-tal): Pertaining to between the ribs.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Interferons &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(in-ter-FE-ronz): Proteins (cytokines) secreted by T cells and other cells to aid and regulate the immune response.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Interleukins &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(in-ter-LU-kinz): Proteins (cytokines) that stimulate the growth of B and T lymphocytes.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Interstitial cells of the testes&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (in-ter-STIH-shul selz of the TES-tis): Cells that lie between the seminiferous tubules and produce testosterone.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Interstitial fluid&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (in-ter-STIH-shul FLU-id): Fluid in the spaces between cells. This fluid becomes lymph when it enters lymph capillaries.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Interstitial nephritis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(in-ter-STIH-shul neh-FRI-tis): Inflammation of the connective tissue that lies between the renal tubules in the kidney.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Interventional radiology &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(in-ter-VEN-shun-al ra-de-OL-o-je): Therapeutic procedures performed by a radiologist.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Interventricular septum&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (in-ter-ven-TRIK-u-lar SEP-tum): Wall between the ventricles of the heart.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Intervertebral &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(in-ter-ver-TE-bral): Pertaining to between the vertebrae (backbones).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Intraocular &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(in-trah-OK-u-lar): Pertaining to within the eye.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Intrathecal &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(in-trah-THE-kal): Pertaining to within the membranes (meninges) surrounding the brain and spinal cord.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Intrathecal injection&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (in-trah-THE-kal in-JEK-shun): Delivery of chemicals within the membranes (meninges) surrounding the brain and spinal cord.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Intrauterine device&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (in-trah-U-ter-in de-VISE): Device inserted by a physician into the uterus to prevent pregnancy; IUD.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Intravenous &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(in-trah-VE-nus): Pertaining to within a vein.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Intravesical &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(in-trah-VES-ih-kal): Within the urinary bladder.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Intravitreal &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(in-trah-VIT-re-al): Pertaining to within the vitreous humor.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Intrinsic factor&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (in-TRIN-sik FAK-tor): Substance normally found in gastric (stomach) juice that helps absorption of vitamin B12 into the bloodstream.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Intussusception &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(in-tus-sus-SEP-shun): Telescoping of the intestines.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Invasive &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(in-VA-siv): Having the ability to enter and destroy surrounding tissue.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Inversion &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(in-VER-zhun): Turning inward.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Involution &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(in-vo-LU-shun): Shrinking of the uterus (womb) to its normal size after childbirth.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ionization &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(i-on-ih-ZA-shun): Transformation of electrically neutral substances into electrically charged particles.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Iridectomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ir-ih-DEK-to-me): Removal of a portion of the iris.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Iridic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ir-RID-ik): Pertaining to the iris.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Iris &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(I-ris): Pigmented (colored) layer of the eye.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Iritis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(i-RI-tis): Inflammation of the iris of the eye.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Irradiation &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ir-ra-de-A-shun): Exposure to any form of radiant energy such as light, heat or x-rays.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Irritable bowel syndrome &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(IR-it-ah-bel BOW-el SIN-drohm): Group of gastrointestinal symptoms (abdominal pain, diarrhea, constipation, and bloating), but without structural abnormalities in the intestines.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ischemia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(is-KE-me-ah): Condition of holding back blood from an organ or tissue.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ischial &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ISH-e-al): Pertaining to the ischium (posterior portion of the hip bone).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ischium &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ISH-e-um): Posterior (back) portion of the hip bone.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;da2c9320-52ed-4923-bd21-4f52f602eb85\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style=\&quot;color:#CA500F;\&quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;J&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Jaundice &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(JAWN-dis): Yellow-orange coloration of the skin and whites of the eyes caused by high levels of bilirubin in the blood; icterus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Jejunum &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(je-JU-num): Second part of the small intestine.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;2576342b-64d0-45e8-95fb-7bcefe4b3a85\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style=\&quot;color:#CA500F;\&quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;K&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Kaposi sarcoma&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (KAH-po-se sar-KO-mah): Malignant tumor of skin and connective tissue; associated with AIDS.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Karyotype &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(KAR-e-o-type): Picture (classification) of chromosomes in the nucleus of a cell.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Keloid &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(KE-loyd): Enlarged scar on the skin.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Keratin &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(KER-ah-tin): Hard protein found in epidermis, hair, and nails.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Keratitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ker-ah-TI-tis): Inflammation of the cornea of the eye.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Keratoplasty &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ker-ah-to-PLAS-te): Surgical repair of the cornea of the eye; corneal transplant.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Keratosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ker-ah-TO-sis): Excessive development of hard, keratinized tissue on the skin associated with aging or skin damage.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ketoacidosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ke-to-ah-sih-DO-sis): Fats are improperly burned, leading to an accumulation of ketones and acids in the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ketonuria &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ke-to-NU-re-ah): Presence of ketones in the urine. Common in uncontrolled diabetes mellitus, but can occur in any time the body begins to break down fatty tissue to provide energy as in starvation.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ketosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ke-TO-sis): Accumulation of large quantities of ketone bodies (acetones) in the blood; ketoacidosis.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Kidney &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(KID-ne): One of two bean-shaped organs behind the abdominal cavity on either side of the backbone in the lumbar region.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Kleptomania &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(klep-to-MA-ne-ah): Strong impulse to steal, often with little actual desire for the stolen item.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;KUB &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(K-U-B): X-ray examination (without contrast) of the kidneys, ureters, and bladder.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Kyphosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ki-FO-sis): Abnormal condition of outward curvature (convexity) of the thoracic spine; humpback.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;e2571732-8b16-4ff1-9ff8-44e1858171bd\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style=\&quot;color:#CA500F;\&quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;L&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Labia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(LA-be-ah): Lips of the vagina.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Labial &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(LA-be-al): Pertaining to the lip.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Labile &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(LA-bile): Unstable; undergoing rapid emotional change.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Labiodental &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(la-be-o-DEN-tal): Pertaining to lips and teeth.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Labyrinth &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(LAB-ih-rinth): Maze-like series of canals of the inner ear; cochlea, vestibule, and semicircular canals.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Lacrimal &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(LAK-rih-mal): Pertaining to tears.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Lacrimal bones&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (LA-krim-al bones): Two small facial bones that contain tear glands and canals for the passage of tear ducts.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Lacrimation &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(lah-krih-MA-shun): Production of tears.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Lactation &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(lak-TA-shun): Production of milk.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Lactiferous ducts&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (lak-TIF-er-us dukts): Tubes that carry milk from the mammary glands to the nipple.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Lamina &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(LAM-in-ah): One of two posterior (back) arches of a vertebra.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Laminectomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(lam-in-EK-to-me): Surgical removal of a portion of the vertebral arch (lamina) to relieve pressure on a protruding intervertebral disc.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Laparoscope &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(LAP-ah-ro-skope): Instrument used to visually examine the abdomen using small incisions and with the aid of a camera.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Laparoscopy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(lap-ah-ROS-ko-pe): Process of visually examining the abdomen using an endoscope (laparoscope); minimally invasive surgery.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Laparotomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(lap-ah-ROT-o-me): Incision (large) of the abdomen for diagnosis and treatment. This is exploratory or open surgery.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Laryngeal &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(lah-rin-JE-al): Pertaining to the larynx (voice box).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Laryngectomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(lah-rin-JEK-to-me): Removal of the larynx or voice box.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Laryngitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(lah-rin-JI-tis): Inflammation of the larynx (voice box).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Laryngoscopy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(lah-rin-GS-ko-pe): Endoscopic visual examination of the larynx.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Laryngospasm&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (lah-RING-go-spaz-im): Involuntary contraction of muscles surrounding the voice box.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Larynx &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(LAR-inks): Voice box; located above the trachea (windpipe).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Laser photocoagulation&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (LA-zer fo-to-ko-ag-u-LA-shun): Intense, precisely focused light beam (argon laser) creates an inflammatory reaction that seals retinal tears and leaky retinal blood vessels.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Lateral &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(LAT-er-al): Pertaining to the side.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Laxative &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(LAK-sah-tiv): Weak cathartic; promotes movement of feces through the colon.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Left ventricular assist device &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(left ven-TRIH-ku-lar ah-SIST de-vise): Booster pump implanted in the abdomen with a tube inserted into the left ventricle. An LVAD is a “bridge to transplant” or destination therapy when heart transplantation is impossible.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Leiomyoma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(li-o-mi-O-mah): Benign tumor of smooth, involuntary muscle; when in the uterus, called a fibroid.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Leiomyosarcoma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(li-o-mi-o-sar-KO-mah): Malignant tumor of smooth (involuntary) muscle.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Lens &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(lenz): Transparent, biconvex body behind the pupil of the eye. It bends (refracts) light rays to bring them into focus on the retina.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Leptomeningitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(lep-to-men-in-JI-tis): Inflammation of the two thinner membranes (arachnoid and pia mater) surrounding the brain and spinal cord.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Leukapheresis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(lu-kah-feh-RE-sis): Mechanical separation of white blood cells from the rest of the blood.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Leukemia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(lu-KE-me-ah): Blood condition of high numbers of malignant (cancerous) white blood cells.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Leukocyte &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(LU-ko-site): White blood cell.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Leukocytosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(lu-ko-si-TO-sis): Condition of slight increase in normal white blood cells; often the result of inflammation or infection.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Leukopenia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(lu-ko-PE-ne-ah): Deficiency of white blood cells.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Leukoplakia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(lu-ko-PLA-ke-ah): White plaques on mucous membranes and surfaces of the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Leukorrhea&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (lu-ko-RE-ah): White to yellow discharge from the vagina.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ligament &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(LIG-ah-ment): Fibrous, connective bands binding bones to other bones; supports, strengthens, and stabilizes the joint.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ligamentous &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(lig-ah-MEN-tus): Pertaining to a ligament.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ligation &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(li-GA-shun): Tying off a tube or blood vessel.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Linear accelerator&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (LIN-e-ar ak-SEL-eh-ra-tor): Device that produces high-energy x-ray (photon) beams for treatment of deep-seated tumors.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Lipase &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(LI-payz): Pancreatic enzyme necessary to digest fats.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Lipid Tests&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (LIH-pid tests): Measurement of cholesterol and triglycerides (fats) in a sample of blood.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Lipoma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(li-PO-mah): Benign tumor of fatty tissue.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Lipoprotein electrophoresis&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (li-po-PRO-teen e-lek-tro-for-E-sis): Lipoproteins (combinations of fat and protein) are physically separated in a blood sample. Examples of lipoproteins are HDL (high density lipoprotein) and LDL (low density lipoprotein).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Liposuction &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(li-po-SUK-shun): Removal of adipose (fatty) tissue with a suction pump device.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Liquid biopsy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(LIK-wid BI-op-se): Test done on a sample of blood to look for cancer cells, or pieces of DNA from tumor cells.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Lithium &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(LITH-e-um): Drug used to treat the manic episodes in bipolar disorder.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Lithogenesis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(lith-o-JEN-eh-sis): Formation of stones (calculi).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Lithotripsy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(LITH-o-trip-se): Process of using high-energy sound waves to crush a stone within the kidney or ureter.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Liver&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (LIV-er): Large, reddish-brown organ in the right upper quadrant (RUQ) of the abdomen.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Liver biopsy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(LIV-er bi-OP-se): Removal of liver tissue followed by microscopic examination.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Liver function tests &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(LIV-er FUNK-shun tests): Tests for the presence of liver enzymes and bilirubin in blood or serum (clear fluid that remains after blood has clotted).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Lobectomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(lo-BEK-to-me): Removal of a lobe or section of a lung.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Lordosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(lor-DO-sis): Anterior (forward) curvature of the lumbar spinal column. In its extreme form it is known as “swayback.”&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Lower esophageal sphincter&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (LO-er eh-sof-ah-JE-al SFINK-ter): Ring of muscles between the esophagus and the stomach.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Lower gastrointestinal series&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (LO-er gas-tro-in-TES-tin-al SE-reez): X-ray images of the colon and rectum obtained after injection of barium into the rectum; barium enema&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Lumbar puncture&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (LUM-bar PUNK-shur): Withdrawal of cerebrospinal fluid from the subarachnoid space between two lumbar vertebrae; spinal tap.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Lumbar regions&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (LUM-bar RE-jens): Right and left middle abdominopelvic regions near the waist.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Lumbar spine&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (LUM-bar spine): Pertaining the lower back&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Lumbar vertebrae&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (LUM-bar VER-teh-bray): Five Backbones in the region of the waist.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Lumbosacral&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (lum-bo-SA-kral): Pertaining to the lumbar and sacral regions of the back.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Lung biopsy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(lung BI-op-se): Surgical removal of lung tissue followed by microscopic examination of cells.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Lung cancer &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(lung KAN-ser): Malignant tumor arising from the lungs and bronchial tubes.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Lunula &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(LU-nu-lah): Half-moon–shaped, whitish area at the base of a nail.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Luteinizing Hormone&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (LU-teh-ni-zing HOR-mone): Secreted by the pituitary gland (anterior lobe); stimulates ovulation in females and testosterone secretion in males.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Lyme Disease &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(lime dih-ZEEZ): Chronic, recurrent disorder marked by severe arthritis, myalgia, and malaise; cause is a bacterium carried by a tick.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Lymph &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(limf): Thin, watery fluid that circulates within lymph vessels and lymph nodes.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Lymph capillaries &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(limf KAP-il-ar-eez): Tiniest lymphatic vessels.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Lymph node &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(limf node): Collection of stationary solid lymphatic tissue along lymph vessels.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Lymph vessel&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (limf VES-el): Carrier of lymph throughout the body; lymphatic vessels empty lymph into veins in the upper part of the chest.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Lymphadenitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(limf-ah-deh-NI-tis): Inflammation of lymph nodes.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Lymphadenopathy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(limf-ah-deh-NOP-ah-the): Disease of lymph nodes.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Lymphedema &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(limf-eh-DE-mah): Abnormal collection of fluid in tissue spaces caused by obstruction of lymph vessels and backflow of lymph.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Lymphocyte&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (LIMF-o-site): Type of white blood cell (leukocyte) found in lymph nodes and blood; part of the immune system that fights disease.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Lymphocytopenia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(limf-o-si-to-PE-ne-ah): Deficiency of lymphocytes.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Lymphocytosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(limf-o-si-TO-sis): Increase in numbers of lymphocytes in the blood.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Lymphoid &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(LIMF-oyd): Gives rise to lymphocytes or to tissue in which lymphocytes develop.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Lymphoid organs&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (LIMF-oyd OR-ganz): Organs containing and derived from lymphatic tissue; spleen, thymus gland, and lymph nodes.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Lymphoma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(limf-O-mah): Malignant tumor of lymph nodes and lymphatic tissue.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Lymphopoiesis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(limf-o-poy-E-sis): Formation of lymphocytes.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Lymphoscintigraphy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(lim-fo-sin-TIG-rah-fe): Nuclear medicine imaging which provides pictures (scintigrams) of the lymphatic system. &amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;901bc2ff-87c5-483a-b0b0-f85f81b7bd9a\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style=\&quot;color:#CA500F;\&quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;M&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Macrocephaly &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mak-ro-SEH-fah-le): Condition of a larger than normal head; congenital anomaly.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Macrocytosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mak-ro-si-TO-sis): Presence of large red blood cells in the blood.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Macrophage &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(MAK-ro-fayg): Large phagocytic cell migrating from the blood into all tissues to fight disease.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Macrotia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mak-RO-she-ah): Abnormally large ears.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Macula &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(MAK-u-lah): Small oval region on the retina near the optic disc; contains the fovea centralis, which is the area clearest vision.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Macular degeneration&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (MAK-u-lar de-jen-eh-RA-shun): Progressive damage to the macula of the retina and resulting in loss of central vision.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Macule &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(MAK-ul): Flat, pigmented lesion on the skin measuring less than 1 cm in diameter; freckles, tattoo marks, and flat moles are examples.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Magnetic resonance imaging&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (mag-NET-ik REH-zo-nants IM-aj-ing): Magnetic waves and radio waves produce images of organs and tissues in all three planes of the body; MRI.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Malaise &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mal-AYZ): General feeling of bodily discomfort.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Malignant &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mah-LIG-nant): Cancerous; harmful.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Malignant melanoma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mah-LIG-nant mel-ah-NO-mah): Cancerous skin growth composed of melanocytes.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Malignant tumor &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mah-LIG-nant TU-mor): Cancerous tumor.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Malleolar &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mah-LE-o-lar): Pertaining to a malleolus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Malleolus &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mah-LE-o-lus): Round process on both sides of the ankle joint.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Malleus &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(MAH-le-us): Hammer-shaped, small bone (ossicle) in the middle ear; first ossicle.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Mammary papilla &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(MAM-ar-e pap-IL-ah): Nipple of the breast.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Mammogram &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(MAM-o-gram): Record (x-ray) of the breast.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Mammography &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mah-MOG-rah-fe): X-ray recording of the breast.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Mammoplasty &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(MAM-o-plast-e): Surgical repair of the breast (augmentation or reduction surgery).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Mandible &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(MAN-dib-ul): Lower jaw bone.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Mandibular &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(man-DIB-u-lar): Pertaining to the lower jaw bone.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Mania &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(MA-ne-ah): State of excessive excitability, hyperactive elation and agitation.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Manubrium &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mah-NU-bre-um): Upper portion of the sternum (breastbone).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Mastectomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mas-TEK-to-me): Removal (excision) of a breast.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Mastication &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mas-tih-KA-shun): Chewing.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Mastitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mas-TI-tis): Inflammation of a breast.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Mastoid process&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (MAS-toyd PROS-es): Rounded projection on the temporal bone behind the ear.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Mastoiditis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mas-toy-DI-tis): Inflammation and infection of the mastoid process just behind the ear.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Maxilla &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(max-SIL-ah): Upper jaw bone.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Maxillary &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(max-ih-LAIR-e): Pertaining to the upper jaw bones.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Meatal stenosi&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;s (me-A-tal sten-O-sis): Narrowing of the meatus (opening) leading from the urethra to the outside of the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Meatus &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(me-A-tus): Opening or canal.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Meconium aspiration syndrome&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (me-KO-ne-um as-pih-RA-shun SIN-drohm): Abnormal inhalation of meconium produced by a fetus or newborn.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Medial &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ME-de-al): Pertaining to the middle or near the medial plane of the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Mediastinal nodes&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (me-de-ah-STI-nal nodes): Lymph nodes in the mediastinum (central area between the lungs in the chest).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Mediastinoscopy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(me-de-ah-sti-NOS-ko-pe): Endoscopic visual examination of the mediastinum.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Mediastinum &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(me-de-ah-STI-num): Centrally located space outside of and between the lungs in the thoracic cavity.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Medicinal chemistry &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(med-IS-sin-al KEM-is-tre): Study of new drug synthesis and the relationship between the chemical structure of a drug and its biologic effect.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Medulla &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(meh-DUL-ah): Inner region of an organ.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Medulla oblongata&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (meh-DUL-ah ob-lon-GAH-tah): Lower part of the brain, closest to the spinal cord; controls breathing heartbeat, and size of blood vessels.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Medullary &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(MED-u-lair-e): Pertaining to the medulla (inner region) of an organ.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Medullary cavity&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (MED-u-lair-e KAV-ih-te): Central, hollowed-out area in the shaft of a long bone.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Medullary tumo&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;r (MED-u-lair-e TU-mor): Large, fleshy tumor.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Megakaryocyte &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(meg-ah-KAR-e-o-site): Large, giant cell with a big nucleus; platelet precursor found in the bone marrow.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Melanin &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(MEL-ah-nin): Skin pigment. It is formed by melanocytes in the epidermis.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Melanocyte &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(meh-LAN-o-site): Cell in the basal layer of the epidermis that produces melanin.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Melanoma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mah-LIG-nant mel-ah-NO-mah): Cancerous skin growth composed of melanocytes.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Melena &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(MEL-en-ah): Black, tarry stools; feces containing blood.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Menarche&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (meh-NAR-ke): Beginning of the first menstrual period.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Meniere disease&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (men-e-AIR dih-ZEEZ): Disorder of the labyrinth of the inner ear; elevated endolymph pressure within the cochlea (cochlear hydrops) and semicircular canals (vestibular hydrops).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Meningeal &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(meh-NIN-je-al): Pertaining to the meninges.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Meninges &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(meh-NIN-jeez): Three membranes surrounding and protecting the brain and spinal cord.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Meningioma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(meh-nin-je-O-mah): Tumor (benign) of the meninges.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Meningitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(men-in-JI-tis): Inflammation of the meninges.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Meningocele &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(meh-NIN-jo-seel): Hernia of the meninges through a defect or space between vertebrae; a form of spina bifida.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Meniscus &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(meh-NIS-kus): Crescent-shaped fibrocartilaginous structure which provides cushion for a joint (such as the knee).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Menometrorrhagia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(men-o-met-ro-RA-jah): Excessive uterine bleeding during menstruation and also between menstrual periods.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Menopause &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(MEN-o-pawz): Gradual ending of menstruation.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Menorrhagia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(men-o-RA-jah): Abnormally heavy or long menstrual periods.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Menorrhea &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(men-o-RE-ah): Menstruation; monthly discharge of blood from the lining of the uterus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Menstruation &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(men-stru-A-shun): Monthly shedding of the lining of the uterus; menses.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Mental &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(MEN-tal): Pertaining to the mind.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Mesenchymal &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mez-en-KI-mal): Pertaining to embryonic connective tissue from which all connective tissues arise. Sarcomas are tumors of connective tissues that arise originally from mesenchymal cells.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Mesenteric&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;nodes &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mez-en-TER-ik nodes): Lymph nodes in the mesentery (intestinal region).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;Mesentery (MES-en-ter-e): Membrane that attaches the intestines to the abdominal wall and holds them in place.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Mesothelioma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mez-o-the-le-O-mah): Rare malignant tumor arising in the pleura and associated with asbestos exposure.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Metabolism &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(meh-TAB-o-liz-im): Total of the chemical processes in a cell. It includes catabolism and anabolism.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Metacarpal bones&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (met-ah-KAR-pal bones): Hand bones; literally beyond the wrist.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Metacarpals &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(met-ah-KAR-palz): Hand bones.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Metacarpectomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(met-ah-kar-PEK-to-me): Removal of hand bones.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Metamorphosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(met-ah-MOR-fuh-sis): Condition of change of shape or form.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Metaphysis&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (meh-TAH-fih-sis): Flared portion of a long bone, between the diaphysis (shaft) of the bone and the epiphyseal plate at the end of the bone.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Metastasis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(meh-TAS-tah-sis): Spread of a malignant tumor beyond its original location to a distant site.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Metatarsalgia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(met-ah-tar-SAL-jah): Foot pain.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Metatarsals &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(met-ah-TAR-salz): Foot bones.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Metrorrhagia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(met-ro-RA-jah): Bleeding at irregular intervals; between expected menstrual periods.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Microcephaly &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mi-kro-CEF-al-e): Condition of smaller than normal head; a congenital anomaly.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Microcytosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mi-kro-si-TO-sis): Increased numbers of smaller than normal red blood cells.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Microglial cell&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (mi-kro-GLE-al sel): Phagocytic glial cell that removes waste products from the central nervous system.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Microscope &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(MI-kro-skope): Instrument to view small objects.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Midbrain &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(MID-brayn): Uppermost portion of the brainstem.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Migraine &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(MI-grane): Severe headache, often unilateral, and sometimes accompanied by nausea and vomiting.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Mineralocorticoid &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(min-er-al-o-KOR-tih-koyd): Hormone secreted by the adrenal cortex; regulates salts (electrolytes) and water balance in the body. Aldosterone is an example.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Miosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mi-O-sis): Contraction of the pupil of the eye.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Miotic&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (mi-OT-ik): Drug that causes the pupil of the eye to contract.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Mitochondria &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mi-to-KON-dre-ah): Rod-shaped structures in the cytoplasm of the cell that provide principal source of energy; catabolism occurs in mitochondria.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Mitosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mi-TO-sis): Cell division or replication of cells; creation of two identical daughter cells from a parent cell.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Mitral stenosis&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (MI-tral steh-NO-sis): Narrowing of the mitral valve.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Mitral valve&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (MI-tral valv): Valve between the left atrium and left ventricle of the heart; bicuspid valve.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Mitral valve prolapse&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (MI-tral valv PRO-laps): Abnormal closure of the mitral valve so that blood refluxes backward into the left atrium during ventricular contraction.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Mitral valvulitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(MI-tral val-vu-LI-tis): Inflammation of the mitral valve.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Mixed tissue tumors&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (MIKSD TIH-shu TU-morz): Tumors composed of different types of tissue (epithelial as well as connective tissues).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Modality&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (mo-DAL-ih-te): Method of treatment.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Mohs surgery&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (mohz SUR-jer-e): Thin layers of malignant tissue are removed, and each slice is examined microscopically to check for adequate extent of the resection.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Molar teeth&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (MO-lar teeth): Three large flat teeth at the back of the mouth on either side of the dental arch.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Molecular pharmacology &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mo-LEK-u-lar far-mah-KOL-o-je): Study of the interaction of drugs and their target molecules, enzymes, or cell surface receptors.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Molecularly targeted therapy&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (mo-LEK-u-lar-le TAR-get-ed THER-ah-pe): Anticancer drugs designed to block the function of growth factors, their receptors, and signaling pathways in specific tumor cells.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Monoblast &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(MON-o-blast): Immature monocyte.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Monoclonal antibody&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (mon-o-CLO-nal AN-tih-bod-e): Antibody created in a laboratory by special reproductive (cloning) techniques; designed to attack specific cancer cells. It is useful in immunotherapy.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Monocyte &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(MON-o-site): White blood cell with one large nucleus; capable of engulfing foreign material and debris (phagocytosis). Monocytes become macrophages as they leave the blood and enter body tissues.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Mononuclear &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mon-o-NU-kle-ar): Pertaining to a white blood cell with a single round nucleus; monocyte or lymphocyte.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Mononucleosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mon-o-nu-kle-O-sis): Infectious, viral disease marked by increased numbers of leukocytes and enlarged cervical lymph nodes.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Morbidity &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mor-BID-ih-te): Damage to normal tissue or the state of being diseased.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Morphology &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mor-FOL-o-je): Study of the shape or form of cells.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Motor nerve&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (MO-ter nerv): Carries impulses from the brain and spinal cord to muscles.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;MRI urography&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (MRIu-ROG-rah-fe): Process of taking MRI images of the urinary tract after injecting contrast.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Mucinous &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(MU-sin-us): Pertaining to cystic tumors filled with mucus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Mucositis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mu-ko-SI-tis): Inflammation of mucous membranes; often a side effect of radiation therapy or chemotherapy.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Mucous membrane&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (MU-cus MEM-brayn): Lining of body cavities and tubular organs; secretes mucus. &amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Mucus &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(MU-cus): Sticky substance that is secreted from a mucous membrane.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Multigravida &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mul-tih-GRAV-ih-dah): Woman who has been pregnant more than once.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Multipara &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mul-TIH-pah-rah): Woman who has delivered more than one viable infant.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Multiple gestation &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(MUL-tih-pel jes-TA-shun): The presence of more than one embryo developing in the uterus during pregnancy.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Multiple myeloma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(MUL-tih-pel mi-eh-LO-mah): Malignant tumor of bone marrow cells (plasma cells that produce immunoglobulins).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Multiple sclerosis&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (MUL-tih-pel skleh-RO-sis): Chronic neurologic disorder marked by destruction of the myelin sheath on axons in the CNS.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Murmur &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(MUR-mer): Extra sound heard between normal beats during auscultation of the heart.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Muscle biopsy&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (MUS-el BI-op-se): Removal of muscle tissue for microscopic examination to assess for abnormalities or disease.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Muscular dystrophy&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (MUS-ku-lar DIS-tro-fe): Group of inherited diseases characterized by progressive weakness and degeneration of muscle fibers without involvement of the nervous system.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Mutagenic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mu-tah-JEN-ik): Pertaining to producing a mutation.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Mutation &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mu-TA-shun): Change in genetic material (DNA) of a cell.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Mutism &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(MU-tizm): No, or very little, ability to speak.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Myalgia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mi-AL-jah): Muscle pain.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Myasthenia gravis&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (mi-as-THE-ne-ah GRAV-is): Autoimmune neuromuscular disorder characterized by weakness of voluntary muscles. Muscles lose strength because of a failure in transmission of the nervous impulse from the nerve to the muscle cell.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Mycosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mi-KO-sis): Disease caused by a fungus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Mydriasis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mih-DRI-ah-sis): Widening of the pupil of the eye.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Myelin sheath&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (MI-eh-lin sheeth): Fatty, white covering over the axon of a nerve cell.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Myelitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mi-eh-LI-tis): Inflammation of the spinal cord.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Myeloblast &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(MI-eh-lo-blast): Immature bone marrow cell that gives rise to granulocytes.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Myelodysplasia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mi-eh-lo-dis-PLA-ze-ah): Group of disorders related to the inability of the bone marrow to produce normal blood cells.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Myelography &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mi-eh-LOG-rah-fe): X-ray image of the spinal cord after injection of contrast into the membranes surrounding the spinal cord.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Myeloid &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(MI-eh-loyd): Relating to bone marrow and growth of cells originating in the bone marrow.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Myeloma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mi-eh-LO-mah): Malignant tumor of bone marrow.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Myelomeningocele &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mi-eh-lo-meh-NIN-jo-seel): Congenital hernia (protrusion) of the spinal cord and meninges through a defect (gap) in the vertebral column. This defect is associated with spina bifida.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Myelopathy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mi-el-OP-ah-the): Disease of the spinal cord.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Myelopoiesis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mi-eh-lo-poy-E-sis): Formation of bone marrow.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Myelosuppression &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mi-eh-lo-su-PRE-shun): Bone marrow depression or impaired formation of blood cells (leukopenia, anemia, and thrombocytopenia).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Myocardial &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mi-o-KAR-de-al): Pertaining to the heart muscle.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Myocardial infarction&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (mi-o-KAR-de-al in-FARK-shun): Area of dead (necrotic) tissue in the heart muscle; heart attack.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Myocardium &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mi-o-KAR-de-um): Muscular layer of the heart.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Myoma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mi-O-mah): Tumor (benign) of muscle.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Myomectomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mi-o-MEK-to-me): Removal of muscle tumors (fibroids) from the uterus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Myometrium &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mi-o-ME-tre-um): Muscle layer of the uterus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Myoneural &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mi-o-NUR-al): Pertaining to muscle and nerve.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Myopathy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mi-OP-ah-the): Disease of muscles.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Myopia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mi-O-pe-ah): Nearsightedness; vision condition in which close objects are seen more clearly than objects that are far.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Myosarcoma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mi-o-sar-KO-mah): Tumor (malignant) of muscle tissue; a type of sarcoma (tumor of flesh tissue in the body).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Myositis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mi-o-SI-tis): Inflammation of muscles.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Myringitis&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (mir-in-JI-tis): Inflammation of the eardrum.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Myringotomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mir-in-GOT-o-me): Incision of the eardrum.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Myxedema &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(mik-seh-DE-mah): Decreased secretion of the thyroid gland in adults.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Myxoma&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (mik-SO-mah): Benign tumor of connective tissue in the heart muscle.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;7b074a8e-1d17-428a-b3b6-402015fa69b7\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style=\&quot;color:#CA500F;\&quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;N&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Narcissistic personality&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (nar-sih-SIS-tik per-son-AL-ih-te): Characterized by grandiose sense of self-importance or preoccupation with fantasies of success or power; self-love without empathy for others.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Narcolepsy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(NAR-ko-lep-se): Sudden seizures of sleep.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Narcotic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(nar-KOT-ik): Habit-forming drug that relieves pain by producing stupor and insensibility; morphine and opium.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Nares &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(NA-reez): Openings through the nose carrying air into the nasal cavities.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Nasal bones&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (NA-zal bones): Two facial bones that form the nose.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Nasogastric intubation &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(na-zo-GAS-trik in-tu-BA-shun): Placement of a tube through the nose into the stomach.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Natural immunity&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (NAH-tu-ral ih-MU-nih-te): Protection that an individual is born with to fight infection; such as neutrophils, monocytes, macrophages, and NK cells.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Nausea &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(NAW-ze-ah): Unpleasant sensation in the stomach with a tendency to vomit.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Necropsy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(NEH-krop-see): Viewing a dead body; used in veterinary medicine.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Necrosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(neh-KRO-sis): Condition of death of cells.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Necrotic&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (neh-KROT-ik): Pertaining to death of cells.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Necrotic tumor&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (neh-KROT-ik TU-mor): Tumor that contains dead cells.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Neoadjuvant chemotherapy&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (ne-o-AD-ju-vant ke-mo-THER-ah-pe): Treatment of disease with drugs to assist or enhance before primary treatment, to reduce the size of the tumor.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Neonatal &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ne-o-NA-tal): Pertaining to a new birth.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Neonatology &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ne-o-na-TOL-o-je): Study of the medical care of the newborn (neonate).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Neoplasm &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(NE-o-plaz-im): New growth.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Nephrectomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(nef-REK-to-me): Removal of a kidney.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Nephritis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(nef-RI-tis): Inflammation of a kidney.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Nephrolithiasis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(nef-ro-lih-THI-ah-sis): Abnormal condition of kidney stones.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Nephrolithotomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(nef-ro-lih-THOT-o-me): Incision of the kidney to remove a stone.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Nephrologist &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(nef-ROL-o-jist): A specialist in the study of the kidneys.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Nephrology &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(nef-ROL-o-je): Study of the kidneys and kidney disease.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Nephron &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(NEF-ron): Functional unit of the kidney, consisting of a glomerulus, renal tubule, and collecting tubule.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Nephropathy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(nef-ROP-ah-the): Disease of the kidneys.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Nephroptosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(nef-rop-TO-sis): Prolapse of a kidney; floating or wandering kidney.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Nephrosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(nef-RO-sis): Abnormal condition of the kidney.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Nephrostomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(nef-ROS-to-me): Opening of the kidney to the outside of the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Nephrotic syndrome&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (nef-ROT-ik SIN-drohm): Group of symptoms that occur due to loss of protein in the urine. Symptoms include edema (swelling of tissues), hypoalbuminemia (loss of protein from the blood), proteinuria, and susceptibility to infection. This condition is also known as nephrosis.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Nerve &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(nerv): Macroscopic cordlike collection of fibers that carry electrical impulses.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Neural &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(NU-ral): Pertaining to nerves.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Neuralgia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(nu-RAL-jah): Nerve pain.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Neurasthenia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(nu-ras-THE-ne-ah): Lack of strength in nerves; a feeling of weakness and exhaustion.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Neuroblastoma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(nu-ro-blas-TO-mah): Malignant childhood tumor originating in cells of the nervous system.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Neurocognitive &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;disorders (nu-ro-KOG-nat-iv dis-OR-derz): Group of psychiatric disorders marked by disturbances in thinking, perception, reasoning, and judgment.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Neurodevelopmental disorders&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (nu-ro-de-VEL-op-men-tal dis-OR-derz): Group of childhood disorders characterized by delays in the development of socialization and communication skills. Examples are autistic spectrum disorders and attention-deficit/ hyperactivity disorder.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Neurofibromatosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(nu-ro-fi-bro-mah-TO-sis): Genetic disorder that causes tumors (usually noncancerous) to form in&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;nerve tissue.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Neuroglial cells&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (nu-ro-GLE-al selz): Glial cells; Supporting and connective cells of the nervous system. &amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Neurohypophysis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(nu-ro-hi-POF-ih-sis): Posterior lobe of the pituitary gland; secretes oxytocin and vasopressin.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Neuroleptic drug &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(nu-ro-LEP-tik drug): Suppresses psychotic symptoms and behavior; used in treatment of psychotic symptoms in schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Examples are aripiprazole (Abilify): and olanzapine (Zyprexa).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Neurologic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(nu-ro-LOJ-ik): Pertaining to the study of nerves.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Neurology &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(nu-ROL-o-je): Study of nerves and nerve disorders.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Neuron &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(NU-ron): Nerve cell.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Neuropathy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(nu-ROP-ah-the): Disease of nerves; primarily in the peripheral nervous system.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Neurotransmitter &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(nu-ro-TRANZ-mit-er): Chemical messenger released at the end of a nerve cell.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Neutropenia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(nu-tro-PE-ne-ah): Deficiency of neutrophils.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Neutrophil &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(NU-tro-fil): White blood cell (granulocytic leukocyte) containing dark staining granules and protecting the body from infection. Neutrophils are the most abundant type of white blood cell. Also called polymorphonuclear leukocyte.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Neutrophilia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(nu-tro-FIL-e-ah): Increased numbers of neutrophils.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Nevus; &amp;lt;em&amp;gt;pl&amp;lt;/em&amp;gt;. nevi&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (NE-vus; NE-vi): Mole (pigmented lesion of the skin).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Nitrates &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(NI-trayts): Drugs used in the treatment of angina. They dilate blood vessels, increasing blood flow and oxygen to myocardial tissue.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Nitrogenous waste&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (ni-TROJ-en-us waste): Substance containing nitrogen and excreted in urine; examples are urea, creatinine, and uric acid.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Nitroglycerin &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ni-tro-GLIS-er-in): Drug used in the treatment of angina. It dilates coronary arteries so that more blood flows to heart muscle.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;NK cells &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(NK sels): Natural killer cells; lymphocytes that are part of the body’s natural immunity.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Nocturia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(nok-TU-re-ah): Urinary frequency at night.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Nodular goiter&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (NOD-u-lar GOY-ter): Enlargement of the thyroid gland due to growth of nodules (adenomas) on the thyroid gland.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Nodule &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(NOD-ule): Solid, round or oval elevated lesion 1 cm or more in diameter.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Non-Hodgkin lymphoma&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (non-HOJ-kin limf-O-mah): Group of malignant tumors involving lymphoid tissue. Examples are follicular lymphoma and large cell lymphoma.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Norepinephrine &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(nor-ep-ih-NEF-rin): Hormone secreted by the adrenal medulla; increases heart rate and blood pressure. Also called noradrenaline.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Normal sinus rhythm&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (NOR-mal SI-nus RIH-thim): Normal heart rhythm originating in the sinoatrial node; usually 60 to 100 beats per minute.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Nuclear medicine &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(NU-kle-ar MED-ih-sin): Medical specialty that studies the uses of radioactive substances (radionuclides and radiopharmaceuticals).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Nucleic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(nu-CLA-ik): Pertaining to the nucleus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Nucleotide &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(NU-kle-o-tide): Unit of DNA (gene) composed of a sugar, phosphate, and a base. The sequence of nucleotides composing a gene is the genetic code.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Nucleus &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(NU-cle-us): Control center of the cell; contains chromosomes and directs activities of the cell.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Nulligravida &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(nul-leh-GRAV-ih-dah): Woman who has never been pregnant.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Nullipara &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(nul-LIH-pah-rah): Woman who has never given birth to an infant.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Nyctalopia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(nik-tah-LO-pe-ah): Night blindness; difficult, poor vision at night.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Nystagmus &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(nih-STAG-mus): Repetitive, rhythmic movements of one or both eyes.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;592079b5-e813-4a19-89cb-d37677d51a27\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style=\&quot;color:#CA500F;\&quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;O&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Oblique &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(oh-BLEEK): Positioned at an angle; an x-ray view.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Obsession &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ob-SEH-shun): Involuntary, persistent idea, urge, or emotion.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Obsessive-compulsive disorder&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (ob-SES-iv com-PUL-siv dis-OR-der): Anxiety disorder in which recurrent thoughts and repetitive acts dominate behavior.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Obstetrics &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ob-STET-riks): Branch of medicine and surgery dealing with the care of women during pregnancy and childbirth.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Obstructive lung disease&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (ob-STRUK-tiv lung dih-ZEEZ): Narrowed airways result in resistance to airflow during breathing. Examples are asthma, bronchiectasis, COPD, and cystic fibrosis.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Occipital bone &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ok-SIP-ih-tal bone): Posterior portion of the skull (cranium).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Occlusion &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(o-KLU-zhun): Blockage or obstruction.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Olecranal &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(o-LEK-ran-al): Pertaining to the elbow (olecranon).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Olecranon &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(o-LEK-ran-on): Large process on the proximal end of the ulna at the elbow.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Oligodendroglial cell &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ol-ih-go-den-dro-GLE-al sel): Glial cell that forms the myelin sheath covering the axon of a neuron.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Oligomenorrhea &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ol-ig-o-men-o-RE-ah): Scanty menstrual flow.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Oligospermia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ol-ih-go-SPER-me-ah): Scanty sperm count.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Oliguria &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ol-ig-U-re-ah): Scanty urination.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Oncogene &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ON-ko-jeen): Region of DNA in tumor cells (cellular oncogene) or in viruses (viral oncogene) that cause cancer.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Oncologist &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(on-KOL-o-gist): Specialist in the study of tumors; particularly malignant (cancerous) tumors.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Oncology &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(on-KOL-o-je): Study of tumors (malignant tumors).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Onycholysis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(on-ih-KOL-ih-sis): Loosening of the nail plate with separation from the nail bed.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Onychomycosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(on-ih-ko-mi-KO-sis): Fungal infection of a nail.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Oocyte &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(o-o-SITE): Immature egg cell from which an ovum develops.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Oogenesis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(o-o-JEN-eh-sis): Formation of ova (egg cells).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Oophorectomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(oo-fo-REK-to-me): Removal of an ovary.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Oophoritis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(oo-fo-RI-tis): Inflammation of an ovary.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ophthalmic&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (of-THAL-mik): Pertaining to the eye.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ophthalmologist&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (of-thal-MOL-o-jist): Medical doctor specializing in the diseases of the eye.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ophthalmology &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(of-thal-MOL-o-je): Study of the eye and eye disorders.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ophthalmoplegia&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (of-thal-mo-PLE-jah): Paralysis of muscles that move the eyeball.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ophthalmoscope &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(of-THAL-mo-skope): Instrument to visually examine the eyes.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ophthalmoscopy&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (of-thal-MOS-ko-pe): Visual examination of the interior of the eye.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Opioid &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(O-pe-oyd): Substance either resembling or derived from opium. Examples are cocaine, morphine, and heroin.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Opportunistic infections &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(op-por-too-NIS-tik in-FEK-shunz): Infectious diseases associated with AIDS; toxoplasmosis, tuberculosis, herpes simplex, and pneumocystis carinii pneumonia (PCP).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Optic chiasm&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (OP-tik KI-az-im): Point at which optic nerve fibers cross in the brain.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Optic disc &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(OP-tik disc): Region at the back of the eye where the optic nerve meets the retina. It is the blind spot of the eye because it contains only nerve fibers, no rods or cones, and is thus insensitive to light.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Optic Nerve &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(OP-tik nerv): Cranial nerve carrying impulses from the retina to the brain (cerebral cortex).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Optical coherence tomography&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (OP-tih-kal ko-HEAR-antz to-MOH-grah-fe): Non-invasive imaging technique using light waves to take cross-sectional pictures of the retina.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Optician &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(op-TISH-an): Non-medical professional trained in grinding lenses and fitting eyeglasses.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Optometrist &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(op-TOM-eh-trist): Non-medical professional trained to examine and measure the eye to prescribe and fit eyeglasses and contact lenses.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Oral &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(OR-al): Pertaining to the mouth.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Oral administration&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (OR-al ad-min-is-TRA-shun): Drugs that are given by mouth.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Oral leukoplakia&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (OR-al lu-ko-PLA-ke-ah): White plaques or patches on the mucous membranes of the mouth.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Orchiectomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(or-ke-EK-to-me): Removal (excision) of a testis.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Orchiopexy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(or-ke-o-PEK-se): Surgical fixation of an undescended testis into the scrotum.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Orchitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(or-KI-tis): Inflammation of a testis.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Organ of Corti&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (OR-gan of COR-te): Sensitive auditory receptor area found in the cochlea of the inner ear.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Orifice &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(OR-ih-fis): An opening.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Oropharynx &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(or-o-FAR-inks): Central portion of the throat, just beyond the mouth.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Orthodontist &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(or-tho-DON-tist): Dentist specializing in straightening teeth.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Orthopedics &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(or-tho-PE-diks): Surgical specialty devoted to straightening, correcting and treating deformities and diseases in bones.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Orthopnea&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (or-THOP-ne-ah): Abnormal condition in which breathing is only comfortable when a patient is in an upright position.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Osseous tissue&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (OS-e-us TIH-shu): Bone tissue.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ossicle &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(OS-ih-kel): Small bone in the middle section of the ear; malleus, incus, and stapes are ossicles.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ossiculoplasty &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(os-ih-ku-lo-PLAS-te): Surgical repair of an ossicle (small bone) of the middle ear.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ossification &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(os-if-ih-KA-shun): Process of bone formation.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Osteitis&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (os-te-I-tis): Inflammation of bone.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Osteoarthritis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(os-te-o-ar-THRI-tis): Inflammation of bones and joints. This is a progressive, degenerative joint disease with loss of cartilage and hypertrophy of bone within the joint.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Osteoblast &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(OS-te-o-blast): Bone cell that helps form bony tissue.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Osteoclast &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(OS-te-o-klast): Bone cell that absorbs and removes unwanted bony tissue.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Osteodystrophy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(os-te-o-DIS-tro-fe): Abnormal development of bone.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Osteogenesis imperfecta&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (os-te-o-JEN-eh-sis im-per-FEK-tah): Genetic disorder involving defective bone development. Bones are brittle and fragile caused by abnormal collagen production; fractures occur with the slightest trauma.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Osteogenic&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (os-te-o-JEN-ik): Pertaining to produced in or by bone.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Osteogenic sarcoma&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (os-te-o-JEN-ik sar-KO-mah): Cancerous (malignant) tumor produced in bone; osteosarcoma.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Osteomalacia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(os-te-o-mah-LA-shah): Softening of bones.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Osteomyelitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(os-te-o-mi-eh-LI-tis): Inflammation of bone and bone marrow secondary to (following) infection.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Osteopenia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(os-te-o-PE-ne-ah): Deficiency of bone; a precursor of osteoporosis.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Osteoporosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(os-te-o-por-O-sis): Decrease in bone density (mass); thinning and weakening of bone.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Osteosarcoma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(os-te-o-sar-KO-mah): Malignant tumor of bone.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Osteotome &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(OS-te-o-tome): Instrument to cut bone.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Osteotomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(os-te-OT-o-me): Incision of a bone.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Otalgia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(o-TAL-jah): Ear pain.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Otic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(O-tik): Pertaining the ear.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Otitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;media (o-TI-tis ME-de-ah): Inflammation of the middle ear.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Otolaryngologist &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(o-to-lah-rin-GOL-o-jist): Specialist (surgeon) in ear, nose, and throat disorders.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Otomycosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(o-to-mi-KO-sis): Fungal infection of the ear.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Otopyorrhea &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(o-to-pi-o-RE-ah): Discharge of pus from the ear.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Otosclerosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(o-to-skleh-RO-sis): Hardening of the bony tissue of the middle ear.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Otoscopy&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (o-TOS-ko-pe): Visual examination of the ear canal using an otoscope.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Oval window&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (O-val WIN-do): Membrane between the middle ear and the inner ear.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ovarian &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(o-VAH-re-an): Pertaining to an ovary.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ovarian cancer &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(o-VAH-re-an KAN-ser): Malignant tumor of the ovary (adenocarcinoma); ovarian carcinoma.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ovarian cysts&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (o-VAH-re-an sists): Fluid-filed sacs within the ovary.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ovarian follicle&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (o-VAH-re-an FOL-lih-kul): Tiny sac in the ovary that contains an egg cell (ovum).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ovary &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(O-vah-re): One of two small glands (female reproductive organs) responsible for egg production and hormone (estrogen and progesterone) secretion.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ovulation &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ov-u-LA-shun): Release of the ovum (egg cell) from the ovary.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ovum; &amp;lt;em&amp;gt;pl&amp;lt;/em&amp;gt;, ova&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (O-vum; O-va): Mature egg cell (female gamete).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Oxygen &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(OX-ih-jen): Gas inhaled and entering the bloodstream through the lungs.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Oxytocia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ox-e-TO-se-ah): Rapid labor and childbirth.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Oxytocin &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ox-se-TO-sin): Hormone secreted by the posterior lobe of the pituitary gland; stimulates contractions of the uterus during childbirth.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;3e23ed06-7750-4301-9ac2-dbe171b63695\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style=\&quot;color:#CA500F;\&quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;P&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pacemaker &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(PACE-ma-ker): Specialized nervous tissue (sinoatrial node) in the right atrial wall; it begins the heartbeat.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Palate &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(PAH-lat): Roof of the mouth; hard palate is the front bony portion and the soft palate is the posterior fleshy part near the throat.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Palatine tonsil&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (PAH-lih-tine TON-sil): One of a pair of almond-shaped masses of lymphatic tissue at the back of the mouth (oral pharynx).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Palatopharyngoplasty &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pah-lat-o-fah-RIN-jo-plas-te): Surgical repair of the pharynx and palate.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Palatoplasty &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pah-LAT-to-plas-te): Surgical repair of the palate (roof of the mouth).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Palliative &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(PAH-le-ah-tiv): Relieving symptoms, but not curative.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Palpation&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (pal-PA-shun): Examining by touch.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Palpebral &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pal-PE-bral): Pertaining to an eyelid.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Palpitations &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pal-pih-TA-shunz): Uncomfortable sensations in the chest related to cardiac arrhythmias; feeling that your heart is fluttering or pounding.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Palsy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(PAWL-ze): Paralysis.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pancreas &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(PAN-kre-as): Gland located under and behind the stomach; produces the hormone insulin to transport sugar to cells and enzymes to digest foods.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pancreatectomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pan-kre-ah-TEK-to-me): Excision of the pancreas.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pancreatic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pan-kre-AH-tik): Pertaining to the pancreas.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pancreatic cancer &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pan-kre-AH-tik KAN-ser): Malignant tumor of the pancreas.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pancreatitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pan-kre-ah-TI-tis): Inflammation of the pancreas.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pancreatoduodenectomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pan-kre-ah-to-du-o-deh-NEK-to me): Removal of the pancreas (partial) and duodenum.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pancytopenia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pan-si-to-PE-ne-ah): Deficiency of all (blood) cells.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Panhypopituitarism &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pan-hi-po-pih-TU-ih-tar-iz-im): Deficiency of all pituitary gland hormones.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pap test &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pap test): Microscopic examination of stained cells removed from the vagina and cervix; Pap smear.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Papillae &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pap-IL-e): Small elevations on the surface of the tongue; containing taste buds.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Papillary &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(PAP-ih-lair-e): Pertaining to nipple-like projections. A papillary tumor forms microscopic nipple-like or finger-like projections of cells.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Papilledema &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pap-ih-leh-DE-mah): Swelling of the optic disc; associated with increased pressure within the eye.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Papule &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(PAP-ul): Small (less than 1 cm in diameter), solid elevation of the skin; skin tags and pimples (as in acne) are examples.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Paraaortic nodes&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (par-ah-a-OR-tik nodes): Lymph nodes near the aorta in the lumbar (waist) area of the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Paracentesis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(par-ah-sen-TE-sis): Puncture to remove fluid from the abdomen; abdominocentesis.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Paralysis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pah-RAL-ih-sis): Destruction of nerve tissue leading to loss of sensation or motion in a part of the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Paranasal sinus &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(par-ah-NA-zal SI-nus): One of a pair of air cavities in the bones near the nose.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Paranephric &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(par-ah-NEF-rik): Pertaining to beside or near a kidney.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Paranoia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(par-ah-NOY-ah): Overly suspicious system of thinking with fixed delusions that one is being harassed, persecuted, or unfairly treated.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Paranoid personality &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(PAR-ah-noyd per-son-AL-ih-te): Characterized by recurrent delusions of persecution and jealousy with suspicion and mistrust of other people.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Paraphilia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(par-ah-FIL-e-ah): Recurrent, intense sexual urge; fantasy or behavior that involves unusual objects, activities, and situations.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Paraplegia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(par-ah-PLE-jah): Paralysis of the lower part of the body and both legs.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Parasympathetic nerves &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(par-ah-sim-pah-THET-ik nervz): Involuntary, autonomic nerves that regulate normal body functions, such as heart rate, breathing, and muscles of the gastrointestinal tract.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Parathormone &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(par-ah-THOR-mone): Secreted by the parathyroid glands; increases blood calcium.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Parathyroid glands&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (par-ah-THI-royd glanz): Four endocrine glands on the posterior (dorsal) side of the thyroid gland; secrete parathormone.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Parathyroidectomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(par-ah-thi-roy-DEK-to-me): Removal of parathyroid glands.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Parenchyma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pah-RENK-ih-mah): Essential, functioning cells of any organ.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Parenchymal tissue&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (pah-RENK-ih-mal TIH-shu): Functional, essential tissue of an organ.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Parenteral &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(par-EN-ter-al): Pertaining to by some route other than through the gastrointestinal tract, as by intravenous injection.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Parenteral administration &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(par-EN-ter-al ad-min-is-TRA-shun): Drugs or nourishment are given intravenously (within a vein), or by any other route besides the intestinal tract.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Paresis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pah-RE-sis): Slight paralysis.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Paresthesia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pah-res-THE-ze-ah): Abnormal nervous sensation occurring without apparent cause. Examples are tingling, numbness or prickling sensations.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Parietal bone &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pah-RI-eh-tal bone): One of two bones on either side of the skull.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Parietal pleura &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pah-RI-eh-tal PLU-rah): Outer layer of the pleura lying closest to the chest wall.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Parkinson disease &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(PAR-kin-sun dih-ZEEZ): Degeneration of nerve cells that produce the neurotransmitter dopamine in the brain; leads to tremors, weakness of muscles, and slowness of movement.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Paronychia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(par-o-NIK-e-ah): Inflammation and swelling of the skin folds around a nail.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Paronychium &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(par-on-NIK-e-um): Soft tissue surrounding the nail border.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Parotid gland&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (par-OT-id gland): Salivary gland within the cheek, just anterior to the ear.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Paroxysmal &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(par-ox-IZ-mal): Pertaining to a sudden occurrence.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Parturition &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(par-tu-RIH-shun): Act of giving birth.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Patella &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pah-TEL-ah): Kneecap.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Patent &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(PA-tent): Open.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Patent&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;ductus arteriosus &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(PA-tent DUK-tus ar-te-re-O-sus): The ductus arteriosus, a small duct that is open during fetal circulation, fails to close at birth.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pathogenesis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(path-o-JEN-eh-sis): Development of disease.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pathogenic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(path-o-jen-ic): Pertaining to producing disease.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pathologic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(path-o-LOJ-ic): Pertaining to the study of disease.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pathologist &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(path-OL-o-jist): Specialist in the study of disease; evaluates biopsies, and performs autopsies.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pathology &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(path-OL-o-je): Study of disease.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pediatric &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pe-de-AH-trik): Pertaining to treatment of children.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pedophilia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ped-uh-FIL-e-ah): Need for sexual gratification with a child.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pedunculated &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(peh-DUNG-ku-la-ted): Possessing a stem or stalk (peduncle).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pelvic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(PEL-vik): Pertaining to the pelvis.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pelvic cavity &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(PEL-vik KAV-ih-te): Space below the abdomen containing portions of the intestines, rectum, urinary bladder, and reproductive organs.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pelvic inflammatory disease&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (PEL-vik in-FLAM-mah-tor-e dih-ZEEZ): Inflammation and infection of organs in the pelvis and abdomen; salpingitis, oophoritis, endometritis, endocervicitis; PID.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pelvic ultrasonography&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (PEL-vic ul-trah-son-OG-rah-fe): Recording images of sound waves as they bounce off organs in the pelvic region.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Penile&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (PE-nile): Pertaining to the penis.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Penis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(PE-nis): Male genital organ composed of erectile tissue.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Penoscrotal &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pe-no-SKRO-tal): Pertaining to the penis and scrotum.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Peptic ulcer &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(PEP-tic UL-ser): Open sore in the lining of the stomach or duodenum.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Percussion&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (per-KUH-shun): Tapping on the surface of the body to determine the underlying structure.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Percutaneous &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(per-ku-TA-ne-us): Pertaining to through the skin.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Percutaneous coronary intervention&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (per-ku-TA-ne-us KOR-ih-nair-e in-ter-VEN-shun): A catheter with a balloon and stent is inserted into a coronary artery to remove collections of plaque. Drug-eluting stents release chemicals to keep debris and plaque from recollecting.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Perianal &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(peh-re-A-nal): Pertaining to surrounding the anus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pericardial friction rub&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (peh-rih-KAR-de-al FRIK-shun rub): Scraping or grating sound heard on auscultation of the heart. It is usually symptomatic of pericarditis.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pericardiocentesis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(peh-rih-kar-de-o-sen-TE-sis): Surgical puncture to remove fluid within the pericardial space surrounding the heart.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pericarditis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(peh-rih-kar-DI-tis): Inflammation of the pericardium (double-layered outermost membrane of the heart).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pericardium &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(peh-rih-KAR-de-um): Double-layered membrane surrounding the heart.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Perilymph &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(PEH-rih-limf): Fluid contained in the labyrinth (canals of the inner ear).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Perimetrium &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(peh-rih-ME-tre-um): outermost layer of the uterus; uterine serosa&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Perineorrhaphy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(peh-rih-ne-OR-rah-fe): Suture of the perineum (following an episiotomy).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Perineum &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(peh-rih-NE-um): Area between the anus and vagina in females and the area between the anus and scrotal sac in males.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Periodontal disease&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (peh-re-o-DON-tal dih-ZEEZ): Inflammation and degeneration of gums, teeth, and surrounding bone.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Periodontal membrane &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(peh-re-o-DON-tal MEM-brayn): Membrane that surrounds the tooth in the tooth socket.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Periodontist &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(peh-re-o-DON-tist): Dentist specializing in treating the gums.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Periosteum &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(peh-re-OS-te-um): Membrane surrounding bones.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Peripheral nervous system &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(peh-RIF-er-al NER-vus SIS-tem): Nerves outside the brain and spinal cord; cranial, spinal, and autonomic nerves.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Peripheral vascular disease&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (peh-RIH-fer-al ar-TE-re-al dih-ZEEZ): Blockage of blood vessels outside the heart.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Peristalsis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(per-ih-STAHL-sis): Rhythmic contractions of the tubes of the gastrointestinal tract and other tubular structures.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Peritoneal &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(peh-rih-to-NE-al): Pertaining to the peritoneum (double-layered membrane surrounding the abdomen).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Peritoneal dialysis&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (peh-rih-to-NE-al di-AL-ih-sis): Separation of nitrogenous wastes from the bloodstream by introducing fluid into the peritoneal cavity. Wastes then leave the bloodstream and enter the fluid, which is drained through an abdominal catheter.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Peritoneum &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(peh-reh-to-NE-um): Double-folded membrane surrounding the abdominal cavity.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Peritonitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(peh-rih-to-NI-tis): Inflammation of the peritoneum.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pernicious anemia&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (per-NIH-shus ah-NE-me-uh): Lack of mature erythrocytes caused by inability to absorb vitamin B12 into the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Personality disorders&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (per-son-AL-ih-te dis-OR-derz): Established, lifelong pattern marked by inflexibility and impairment of social functioning.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pertussis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(per-TUH-sis): Whooping cough; bacterial infection of the throat, larynx, and trachea.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;PET/CT Scan&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (PET-CT skan): Diagnostic procedure combining PET (positron emission tomography) and CT (computed tomography). It is often used to detect metastatic cancer and determine if the cancer is responding to treatment.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Petechia;&amp;lt;em&amp;gt; pl&amp;lt;/em&amp;gt;. petechiae &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(peh-TE-ke-ah; peh-TE-ke-i): Small pinpoint hemorrhage under the skin.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Peyronie disease&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (pah-RO-ne dih-zeez): Abnormal curvature of the penis.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Phacoemulsification&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (fa-ko-eh-mul-sih-fih-KA-shun): Cataract removal surgery in which ultrasonic vibrations break up a cloudy lens; the pieces are then aspirated through the ultrasonic probe. A new intraocular lens (IOL) is inserted following phacoemulsification.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Phagocyte &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(FA-go-site): Cell that engulfs another cell or foreign organism and destroys it.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Phalangeal &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(fah-lan-JE-al): Pertaining to finger and toe bones.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Phalanges &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(fah-LAN-jeez): Finger and toe bones.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pharmacist &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(FAR-mah-sist): Specialist in preparing and dispensing drug.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pharmacodynamics &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(far-mah-ko-di-NAM-iks): Study of the effects and strength of a drug within the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pharmacokinetics &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(far-mah-ko-kih-NEH-tiks): Calculation of drug concentration in tissues and body fluids over a period of time.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pharmacologist &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(far-mah-KOL-o-jist): Specialist in the study of the properties, uses, and actions of drugs.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pharmacology &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(far-mah-KOL-o-je): Study of the properties, uses, and actions of drugs.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pharmacy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(FAR-mah-se): Location for preparing and dispensing drugs; study of preparing and dispensing drugs.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pharyngeal &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(fah-rin-JE-al): Pertaining to the pharynx (throat).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pharynx &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(FAH-rinks): Throat.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Phenothiazines &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(fe-no-THI-ah-zeenz): Drugs used to treat serious mental illnesses or psychoses. They modify psychotic symptoms (delusions and hallucinations) and behavior.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Phenylketonuria &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(fe-nil-ke-to-NU-re-ah): Excess of phenylketones in the urine; diagnosed by a PKU test at birth.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pheochromocytoma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(fe-o-kro-mo-si-TO-mah): Benign tumor of the adrenal medulla; cells stain a dark or dusky (phe/o) color (chrom/o).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Phimosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(fih-MO-sis): Narrowing of the opening of the foreskin over the glans penis.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Phlebotomy&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (fleh-BOT-o-me): Incision of a vein (for the removal of blood).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Phobia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(FO-be-ah): Irrational fear of an object or a situation; claustrophobia (closed spaces), agoraphobia (leaving home or a safe place), and acrophobia (heights) are examples.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Phosphorus&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (FOS-fo-rus): Mineral substance found in bones in combination with calcium.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Photon therapy&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (FO-ton THER-ah-pe): Radiation treatment using x-rays and gamma rays delivered to tumor tissue via a linear accelerator.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Photophobia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(fo-to-FO-be-ah): Sensitivity to light.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Photoselective vaporization of the prostate&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (fo-to-seh-LEK-tiv va-por-ih-ZA-shun of the PROS-tayt): Removal of tissue to treat benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) using a GreenLight laser.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Phrenic nerve&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (FREN-ik nerv): Carries impulses between the brain and the diaphragm.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Physiatrist &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(fih-ZI-ah-trist): Medical doctor specializing in rehabilitation (physi/o means function).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pia mater &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(PE-ah MAH-ter): Thin, delicate, and innermost membrane of the meninges.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pilonidal cyst &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pi-lo-NI-dal sist): Abnormal sac containing hair and skin debris located near the tail bone.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pilosebaceous&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (pi-lo-seh-BA-shus): Pertaining to hair follicles and sebaceous glands.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pineal gland &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pi-NE-al gland): Small endocrine gland in the center of the brain; secretes melatonin.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pinna &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(PIN-ah): Auricle; protruding part of the external ear.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pituitary gland &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pih-TU-ih-ter-e gland): Endocrine gland at the base of the brain.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Placenta &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(plah-SEN-tah): Vascular organ that develops in the uterine wall during pregnancy.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Placenta previa &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(plah-sen-tah PRE-ve-ah): Abnormal implantation of the placenta over the cervical opening or in the lower region of the uterus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Plantar flexion&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (PLAN-tar FLEK-shun): Motion that extends the foot downward toward the ground.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Plasma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(PLAZ-mah): Liquid portion of blood containing proteins, water, salts, nutrients, wastes, hormones, and vitamins.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Plasma cell&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (PLAZ-mah sel): Lymphocyte that secretes antibodies. It matures from B lymphocytes.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Plasmapheresis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(plaz-mah-feh-RE-sis): Removal of plasma from withdrawn blood.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Platelet &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(PLAYT-let): Clotting cell; thrombocyte.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Platelet count &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(PLAT-let kownt): Number of platelets per cubic millimeter (mm3) or microliter (mL) of blood.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Plateletpheresis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(playt-let-feh-RE-sis): Separation of platelets from the rest of the blood.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Play therapy&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (play THER-ah-pe): A child, through play, uses toys to express conflicts and feelings that he or she is unable to communicate in a direct manner.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pleomorphic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ple-o-MOR-fik): Pertaining to a variety of shapes or cell types.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pleura &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(PLUR-ah): Double-layered membrane surrounding each lung.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pleural &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(PLUR-al): Pertaining to the pleura (double- layered membrane surrounding the lungs).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pleural cavity &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(PLUR-al KAV-ih-te): Space between the layers of the pleura.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pleural effusion&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (PLUR-al eh-FU-zhun): Collection of fluid in the pleural cavity.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pleural rub&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (PLUR-al rub): Scratchy sound produced by inflamed or irritated pleural surfaces rubbing against each other.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pleurisy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(PLUR-ih-se): Inflammation of the pleura; pleuritis.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pleurodynia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(plur-o-DIN-e-ah): Pain associated with the pleura.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Plexus &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(PLEK-sus): Network of nerves outside of the central nervous system; brachial, cervical, and lumbosacral plexuses are examples.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pneumoconiosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(nu-mo-ko-ne-O-sis): Abnormal lung condition caused by exposure to certain dusts; with chronic inflammation, infection and bronchitis.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pneumonectomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(nu-mo-NEK-to-me): Removal of a lung.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pneumonia&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (nu-MO-nyah): Acute inflammation and infection of the alveoli of the lungs.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pneumonitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(nu-mo-NI-tis): Inflammation of the lungs.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pneumothorax &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(nu-mo-THO-rax): Collection of air or gas in the pleural cavity between the pleura.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Podagra &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(po-DAG-rah): Foot pain that occurs in the joint of the big toe in gout (gouty arthritis).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Poikilocytosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(poy-kih-lo-si-TO-sis): Variation in the shape of red blood cells.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Poliomyelitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(po-le-o-mi-eh-LI-tis): Inflammation of the gray matter of the spinal cord.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Polyarthritis&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (pol-e-arth-RI-tis): Inflammation of many joints.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Polycystic kidney disease&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (pol-e-SIS-tik KID-ne dih-ZEEZ): Kidneys are filled with cysts that prevent normal kidney function.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Polycythemia vera &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pol-e-si-THE-me-ah VER-ah): Increase in numbers of red blood cells (erythremia).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Polydipsia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pol-e-DIP-se-ah): Excessive thirst.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Polymorphonuclear &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pol-e-mor-fo-NU-kle-ar): Pertaining to a multi-lobed nucleus (in granulocytic white blood cells).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Polymorphonuclear &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;leukocyte (pol-e-morf-o-NU-kle-ar lu-ko-site): White blood cell with multi-lobe nucleus and dark-staining granules. These cells fight infection.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Polymyalgia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pol-e-mi-AL-jah): Pain of many (several) muscles, especially in the shoulders and hips.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Polymyositis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pol-e-mi-o-SI-tis): Inflammation of many muscles.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Polyneuritis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pol-e-nu-RI-tis): Inflammation of many nerves.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Polyphagia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pol-e-FA-je-ah): Excessive eating.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Polypoid tumor &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(POL-ih-poyd TU-mor): Type of tumor resembling a polyp (benign growth) that protrudes from a base.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Polyuria &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pol-e-U-re-ah): Excessive urination.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pons &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ponz): Part of the brainstem anterior to the cerebellum, between the medulla and the rest of the brain. The pons connects the upper and lower portions of the brain.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pore &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(por): Tiny opening on the surface of the skin.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Portal vein&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (POR-tal vayn): Large vein bringing blood to the liver from the intestines.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Positron Emission Tomography &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(POS-ih-tron e-MIH-shun to-MOG-rah-fe): Radioactive glucose is injected and then detected in tissues of the body to image the metabolic activity of cells; PET scan.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Positron emission tomography of the heart &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(POS-ih-tron e-MIH-shun to-MOG-rah-fe): Images show blood flow and myocardial function following uptake of radioactive substances; PET scan of the heart.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Positron emission tomography of the lung&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (POS-ih-tron e-MIH-shun to-MOG-rah-fe): Radioactive glucose is injected, and images reveal metabolic activity in the lungs; PET scan of the lung.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Postauricular &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(post-aw-RIK-u-lar): Pertaining to behind the ear.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Posterior &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pos-TE-re-or): Back or dorsal surface of the body or structure.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Posteroanterior &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pos-te-ro-an-TE-re-or): In this position, x-ray beams pass from the back to the front of the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Postmortem &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(post-MOR-tem): After death.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Postpartum &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(post-PAR-tum): After birth.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Postprandial &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(post-PRAN-de-al): After meals.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Post-traumatic stress disorder &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(post-traw-MAH-tik stres dis-OR-der): Anxiety-related symptoms appear after personal experience of a traumatic event.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Potassium &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(po-TAS-e-um): Chemical element (K) that forms salts with other minerals such as calcium and is vital for bodily processes. When dissolved in water, it is an electrolyte whose balance is regulated by the kidney.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Precancerous &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pre-KAN-ser-us): Pertaining to occurring before a malignant condition.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Preeclampsia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pre-e-KLAMP-se-ah): Abnormal condition associated with pregnancy, marked by high blood pressure, proteinuria, edema, and headache.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pregnancy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(PREG-nan-se): Condition of having a developing embryo and fetus in the body for about 40 weeks; gestation.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pregnancy test &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(PREG-nan-se test): Blood or urine test to detect the presence of the hormone HCG.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Premolar teeth&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (pre-MO-lar teeth): Two teeth before the molars.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Prenatal &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pre-NA-tal): Pertaining to before birth.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Prepuce &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(PRE-pus): Fold of skin covering the glans penis; foreskin.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Presbycusis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(prez-be-KU-sis): Progressive loss of hearing, occurring in middle and older age.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Presbyopia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(prez-be-O-pe-ah): Impairment of vision as a result of old age.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Primigravida &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(prih-mih-GRAV-ih-dah): Woman during her first pregnancy.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Primipara &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(prih-MIH-pah-rah): Woman who has given birth to her first child.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Primiparous &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pri-MIH-pah-rus): Pertaining to a woman who has given birth to her first child.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Proctologist &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(prok-TOL-o-jist): Specialist in the study of the anus and the rectum.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Proctosigmoidoscopy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(prok-to-sig-moyd-OS-ko-pe): Visual (endoscopic) examination of the anus, rectum, and sigmoid colon.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Prodrome &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(PRO-drohm): Sign or symptom that appears before the onset of a more serious illness. An example of a prodrome is the fever that signals the onset of a viral illness.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Progesterone&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (pro-JES-te-rone): Hormone secreted by the ovaries; maintains the lining of the uterus during pregnancy.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Progestin &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pro-JES-tin): Hormone that stimulates the uterine lining during pregnancy and is used in treatment of abnormal uterine bleeding and hormone replacement therapy.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Prognosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(prog-NO-sis): Prediction about the outcome of an illness; knowledge beforehand.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Projective test&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (pro-JEK-tiv test): Diagnostic personality test using unstructured stimuli (inkblots, pictures, incomplete sentences) to evoke responses that reflect aspects of an individual’s personality.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Prolactin &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pro-LAK-tin): Secreted by the anterior lobe of the pituitary gland; promotes milk secretion.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Prolapse &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(PRO-laps): Sliding forward or downward.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pronation &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pro-NA-shun): As applied to the hand and forearm, the act of turning the palm down.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Prone &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(prohn): Lying on the belly (face down, palms down).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Prostate cancer&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (PROS-tayt KAN-ser): Malignant tumor (adenocarcinoma) of the prostate gland.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Prostate gland &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(PROS-tayt gland): Gland in men that surrounds the neck of the urinary bladder and urethra. It produces a fluid which, after combining with sperm cells, leaves the body as semen.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Prostatectomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pros-tah-TEK-to-me): Removal (excision) of the prostate gland.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Prostatitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pros-tah-TI-tis): Inflammation of the prostate gland.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Prosthesis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pros-THE-sis): Artificial substitute for a missing body part.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Protease &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(PRO-te-ayz): Enzyme that digests protein.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Protease inhibitors&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (PRO-te-ayz in-HIB-ih-torz): Drugs that treat AIDS by blocking the production of protease, a proteolytic enzyme that helps create new viral pieces for HIV.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Protein marker tests&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (PRO-teen MARK-er tests): Measurements of the level of specific proteins in the blood or on the surface of tumor cells; PSA, CA-125, and alpha-fetoprotein are examples.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Prothrombin &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pro-THROM-bin): Plasma protein converted to thrombin in the clotting process.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Prothrombin time&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (pro-THROM-bin time): Test of the ability of blood to clot.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Protocol &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(PRO-to-kol): Detailed plan for treatment of an illness.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Proton therapy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(PRO-ton THER-ah-pe): Subatomic particles (protons) produced by a cyclotron deposit absorbed dose of radiation at a finite, focused point in the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Proximal &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(PROKS-ih-mal): Near the point of attachment or near the beginning of a structure.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pruritus &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pru-RI-tus): Itching.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pseudocyesis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(su-do-si-E-sis): False pregnancy.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Psoriasis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(so-RI-ah-sis): Chronic, recurrent dermatosis marked by itchy, scaly, red plaques covered by silvery gray scales.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Psychiatrist &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(si-KI-ah-trist): Physician who treats the mind and mental disorders.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Psychiatry &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(si-KI-ah-tre): Treatment of the mind.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Psychoanalysis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(si-ko-an-AL-ih-sis): Form of psychotherapy in which the patient explores his or her unconscious emotions and past to understand and change current behavior and feelings.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Psychodrama&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (si-ko-dra-mah): Group therapy in which a patient expresses feelings by acting out roles with other patients.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Psychogenic&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (si-ko-JEN-ik): Pertaining to produced within the mind, having emotional and psychologic origin, rather than a physical cause.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Psychologist &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(si-KOL-o-jist): Individual (Ph.D, Psy.D, or Ed.D) specializing mental processes and how the brain functions in health and disease; treats patients with psychotherapy, but in most states cannot prescribe drugs.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Psychology&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (si-KOL-o-je): Study of the mind.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Psychopharmacology&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (si-ko-far-mah-KOL-o-je): Treatment of psychiatric disorders with drugs.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Psychosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(si-KO-sis): Loss of contact with reality; often with delusions and hallucinations.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Psychosomatic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(si-ko-so-MAT-ik): Pertaining to the inter-relationship of the mind (psych/o) and body (somat/o).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Psychotherapy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(si-ko-THER-ah-pe): Treatment of the mind; talk therapy for mental disorders and emotional difficulties.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ptosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(TO-sis): Prolapse, drooping, sagging of the upper eyelid.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Puberty &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(PU-ber-te): Period of adolescence at which secondary sex characteristics appear and gametes are produced.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pubic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(PU-bik): Pertaining to the anterior part of the pelvis.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pubic symphysis&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (PU-bik SIM-fih-sis): Junction of the two pubic bones in the anterior of the pelvis.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pubis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(PU-bis): One of two bones forming the front portion of the pelvis.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pulmonary &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(PUL-mo-nair-e): Pertaining to the lungs.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pulmonary parenchyma&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (pul-mo-NAIR-e pah-RENK-ih-mah): Essential parts of the lungs responsible for respiration; bronchioles and alveoli.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pulmonary abscess &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(PUL-mo-nair-e AB-ses): Collection of pus in the lungs.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pulmonary artery&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (PUL-mo-ner-e AR-teh-re): Blood vessel carrying oxygen-poor blood from the right ventricle of the heart to the lungs.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pulmonary circulation&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (PUL-mo-ner-e ser-ku-LA-shun): Flow of blood from the heart to the lungs and then back to the heart.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pulmonary edema&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (PUL-mo-nair-e eh-DE-mah): Collection fluid in air sacs and bronchioles of the lung.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pulmonary embolism&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (PUL-mo-nair-e EM-bo-liz-im): Clot or material from a distant vein that blocks a blood vessel in the lung.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pulmonary fibrosis&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (PUL-mo-nair-e fi-BRO-sis): Formation of scar tissue in the connective tissue of the lung.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pulmonary function tests &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(PUL-mo-nair-e FUNK-shun tests): Tests that measure the ventilation (breathing) mechanics of the lungs.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pulmonary infarction&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (PUL-mo-nair-e in-FARK-shun): Area of necrosis (death of cells) in lung tissue.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pulmonary valve&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (PUL-mo-nair-e valv): Valve between the right ventricle and the pulmonary artery.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pulmonary vein&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (PUL-mo-nair-e vayn): One of two pairs of vessels carrying oxygenated blood from the lungs to the left atrium of the heart.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pulp &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pulp): Soft tissue with a tooth containing nerves and blood vessels.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pulse &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(puls): Beat of the heart as felt through the walls of the arteries.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pupil &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(PU-pil): Central opening of the eye, surrounded by the iris, through which light rays pass. It appears dark.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pupillary &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(PU-pih-lair-e): Pertaining to the pupil of the eye.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Purgative &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(PUR-gat-ive): Drug that relieves constipation and is a strong cathartic.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Purpura &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(PUR-pur-ah): Multiple pinpoint hemorrhages and accumulation of blood under the skin caused by deficiency of clotting cells (platelets).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Purulent &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(PU-ru-lent): Pus-filled; forming or containing pus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pustule &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(PUS-tule): Small abscess (collection of pus) on the skin; a papule containing pus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pyelogram &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(PI-eh-lo-gram): X-ray record of the kidneys (renal pelvis) and urinary tract after contrast is injected (intravenously or retrograde).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pyelolithotomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pi-el-o-lith-OT-o-me): Incision to remove a stone from the renal pelvis of the kidney.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pyelonephritis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pi-el-o-nef-RI-tis): Inflammation of the renal pelvis and kidney; caused by bacterial infection.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pyloric sphincter &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pi-LOR-ik SFINK-ter): Ring of muscles that surrounds the opening of the stomach to the duodenum.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pyloric stenosis&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (pi-LOR-ik steh-NO-sis): Narrowing of the pyloric sphincter (opening of the stomach to the duodenum); often occurs in infants between birth and 6 months of age.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pyloroplasty &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pi-LOR-o-plas-te): Surgical repair of the pyloric sphincter.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pylorospasm &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pi-LOR-o-spaz-im): Involuntary contraction of muscles at the pyloric sphincter.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pylorus &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pi-LOR-us): Distal region of the stomach near the duodenum.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pyoderma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pi-o-DER-mah): Skin disease with formation of pus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pyorrhea&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (pi-or-RE-ah): Discharge of pus from the gums.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pyosalpinx &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pi-o-SAL-pinks): Pus in a fallopian tube.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pyothorax &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pi-o-THO-rax): Pus collection in the pleural cavity; empyema.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pyrexia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pi-REK-se-ah): Fever.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pyromania &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pi-ro-MA-ne-ah): Strong impulse (obsessive urge) to set objects on fire.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Pyuria &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(pi-U-re-ah): Pus in urine; sign of urinary tract infection (UTI).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;cb828b91-f182-4f33-961e-326d14639d81\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style=\&quot;color:#CA500F;\&quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Q&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Quadriplegia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(kwod-rih-PLE-jah): Paralysis of all four limbs; both arms and both legs.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;42d5aac1-4e9d-4c9d-9113-53e3ad1f603b\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style=\&quot;color:#CA500F;\&quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;R&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Radial &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(RA-de-al): Pertaining to the radius, a bone in the lower arm (thumb side of the wrist).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Radiation &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ra-de-A-shun): Energy carried by a stream of particles.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Radiation fields&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (ra-de-A-shun feeldz): Dimensions of the size of radiation area used to treat a tumor from a specific angle.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Radiculitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(rah-dik-u-LI-tis): Inflammation of a spinal nerve root.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Radiculopathy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(rah-dik-u-LOP-ah-the): Disease of a spinal nerve root.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Radiocurable tumor&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (ra-de-o-KYOOR-a-bl TU-mor): Tumor cells that are destroyed with radiotherapy.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Radiographer &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ra-de-OG-rah-fer): One who assists a radiologist in performing diagnostic x-ray procedures.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Radioimmunoassay &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ra-de-o-ih-mew-no-AS-a): Test combines radioactive chemicals and antibodies to detect minute quantities of substances in a patient’s blood.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Radioisotope &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ra-de-o-I-so-tope): Radioactive form of an element; radionuclide.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Radiolabeled compound&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (ra-de-o-LA-beld KOM-pownd): Radiopharmaceutical; used in nuclear medicine studies.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Radiology &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ra-de-OL-o-je): Study of x-ray and other energy sources in the diagnosis of disease.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Radiolucent &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ra-de-o-LU-sent): Permitting the passage of x-rays.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Radionuclide &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ra-de-o-NU-klide): Radioactive form of an element; gives off energy in the form of radiation; radioisotope.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Radionuclide scans&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (ra-de-o-NU-klide skanz): Radioactive substances (radionuclides) are injected intravenously and scans (images) are taken of organs.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Radiopaque &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(rad-de-o-PAYK): Obstructing the passage of x- rays.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Radiopharmaceutical &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ra-de-o-far-mah-SU-tih-kal): Radioactive drug (radionuclide plus a drug) that is administered safely for diagnostic and therapeutic purposes.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Radioresistant tumor&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (ra-de-o-re-ZIS-tant TU-mor): Tumor cells that require large doses of radiation to be destroyed.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Radiosensitive tumor &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ra-do-o-SEN-sih-tiv TU-mor): Tumor in which radiation can cause death of cells without damage to surrounding tissue.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Radiosensitizers &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ra-de-o-SEN-sih-ti-zerz): Drugs that increase the sensitivity of tumor cells to x- rays.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Radiotherapy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ra-de-o-THER-ah-pe): Treatment using radiation, high- energy x-rays or other radiation sources; also called radiation therapy or radiation oncology.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Radius &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(RA-de-us): Bone in the lower arm on the thumb side of the wrist.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Rales &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(raylz): Abnormal, fine, crackling sounds heard on auscultation when there is fluid in the alveoli.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Raynaud disease&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (ra-NO dih-ZEEZ): Recurrent episodes of pallor and cyanosis in fingers and toes caused by blood vessel spasms.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Reabsorption &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(re-ab-SORP-shun): Process in the kidney by which the renal tubules return materials necessary to the body back into the bloodstream.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Reality testing&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (re-AL-ih-te): Assessment of ability to perceive fact from fantasy.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Receptor &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(re-SEP-tor): Organ that receives and transmits a stumuls to sensory nerves; examples are skin, ears, eyes, and taste buds. In pharmacology, a receptor is a target substance with which a drug interacts in the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Recombinant DNA&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (re-KOM-bin-ant DNA): Insertion of a gene (region of DNA) from one organism into the DNA of another.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Rectal administration &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(REK-tal ad-min-is-TRA-shun): Drugs are inserted through the anus into the rectum.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Rectal carcinoma&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (REK-tal kar-sih-NO-mah): Cancer of the rectum.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Rectocele&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (REK-to-seel): Hernia of the rectum.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Rectum &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(REK-tum): Last section of the large intestine (colon).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Recumbent &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(re-KUM-bent): Lying down (prone or supine).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Red blood cell count&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (red blood sel kownt): Number of erythrocytes per cubic millimeter or microliter of blood.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Red blood cell morphology&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (red blud sel mor-FOL-o-je): Microscopic examination of a stained blood smear to determine the shape of individual red blood cells.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Red bone marrow&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (red bone MAH-row): Soft spongy tissue found in the interior of flat bones such as the hip and breast bone; site of hematopoiesis (formation of blood cells).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Reduction &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(reh-DUK-shun): Reconnection of a bone to its normal position after a fracture.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Refraction &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(re-FRAK-shun): Bending of light rays by the cornea, lens, and fluids of the eye to bring the rays into focus on the retina.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Relapse &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(RE-laps): Sliding or falling back; as in return of illness after apparent recovery.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Remission &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(re-MIH-shun): Return to good health; signs and symptoms of disease are gone.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Renal &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(RE-nal): Pertaining to the kidney.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Renal angiography &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(RE-nal an-je-OG-rah-fe): X-ray record of blood vessels of the kidney after injecting contrast material.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Renal angioplasty&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (RE-nal AN-je-o-plas-te): Dilation of narrowed areas in renal arteries.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Renal artery&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (RE-nal AR-teh-re): Blood vessel that carries blood to the kidney.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Renal calculi &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(RE-nal KAL-ku-li): Kidney stones.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Renal cell carcinoma&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (RE-nal sel kar-sih-NO-mah): Malignant tumor of the kidney in an adult.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Renal colic&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (RE-nal KOL-ik): Severe pain resulting from stones (calculi) in a ureter or in the kidney (renal pelvis).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Renal failure&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (RE-nal FAYL-yur): Failure of the kidneys to produce and excrete urine.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Renal hypertension &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(RE-nal hi-per-TEN-shun): High blood pressure resulting from kidney disease.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Renal ischemia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(RE-nal is-KE-me-ah): Condition in which blood is held back from the kidney, often by blockage of renal arteries and arterioles.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Renal pelvis&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (RE-nal PEL-vis): Central collecting chamber of the kidney.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Renal transplantation&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (RE-nal trans-plan-TA-shun): Surgical transfer of a kidney from a donor to a recipient.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Renal tubule&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (RE-nal TU-bule): Microscopic tube in the kidney where urine is formed after filtration.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Renal vein &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(RE-nal vayn): Blood vessel that carries blood away from the kidney and back toward the heart.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Renin &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(RE-nin): Hormone synthesized, stored and secreted by the kidney to raise blood pressure.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Repression &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(re-PREH-shun): Defense mechanism by which unacceptable thoughts, feelings, and impulses are automatically pushed into the unconscious.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Resection &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(re-SEK-shun): Removal (excision) of an organ or part of the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Resistance &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(re-SIS-tans): Lack of beneficial drug response.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Respiration &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(res-pih-RA-shun): Exchange of gases (oxygen and carbon dioxide): at the lung capillaries (external respiration or breathing) and at the tissue capillaries (internal respiration).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Respiratory drug&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (res-pih-rah-TOR-e drug): Treats asthma, emphysema, and infections that affect breathing; bronchodilators are respiratory drugs.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Response &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(re-SPONS): Desired and beneficial effect of a drug.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Restrictive lung disease&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (re-STRIK-tiv lung dih-ZEEZ): Condition in which lung expansion is limited by disease that affects the chest wall, pleura or lung tissue itself. Examples are pulmonary fibrosis, radiation damage, and pneumoconiosis.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Reticulocyte &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(reh-TIK-u-lo-site): Immature erythrocyte; a network (reticulum) of strands is seen after staining the cell with special dyes.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Retina &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(RET-ih-nah): Light-sensitive nerve cell layer of the eye containing photoreceptor cells (rods and cones).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Retinal detachment &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(RET-ih-nal de-TACH-ment): Two layers of the retina separate from each other.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Retinitis pigmentosa &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ret-ih-NI-tis pig-men-TO-sah): Inflammation of the retina with pigmentation and progressive scarring of tissue.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Retinoblastoma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(reh-tin-o-blas-TO-mah): Malignant tumor of the retina of the eye; childhood malignancy.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Retrocardiac &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(reh-tro-KAR-de-ak): Pertaining to behind the heart.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Retroflexion &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(re-tro-FLEK-shun): Bending backward.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Retrograde pyelogram&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (REH-tro-grade PI-el-o-gram): X-ray record of the kidney, ureters, and urinary bladder after injection of contrast material through a urinary catheter into the ureters.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Retroperitoneal &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(reh-tro-peh-rih-to-NE-al): Pertaining to behind the peritoneum (membrane surrounding the abdominal cavity).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Retroversion &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(re-tro-VER-zhun): Tipping backward of an organ or a part of the body; as in the uterus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Reverse transcriptase inhibitor&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (re-VERS trans-SCRIPT-ayz in-hib-ih-tor): Drug used to treat AIDS by blocking an enzyme (reverse transcriptase), needed to make copies of HIV.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Rh factor&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (R-h FAK-tor): Antigen (protein) on red blood cells of Rh positive individuals.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Rhabdomyolysis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(rab-do-mi-OL-ah-sis): Breakdown of damaged skeletal muscle.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Rhabdomyoma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(rab-do-mi-O-mah): Benign tumor of striated, voluntary muscle (attached to bones).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Rhabdomyosarcoma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(rab-do-mi-o-sar-KO-mah): Malignant tumor of striated, voluntary muscle.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Rheumatic heart disease&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (ru-MAT-ik hart dih-ZEEZ): Heart disease caused by rheumatic fever.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Rheumatoid arthritis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(RU-mat-oyd ar-THRI-tis): Chronic joint condition with inflammation and pain; caused by autoimmune reaction against joint tissues.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Rheumatoid factor test&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (RU-mat-oyd FAK-tor test): Serum (blood minus clotting proteins and cells) is tested for the presence of an antibody found in many patients with rheumatoid arthritis.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Rheumatologist &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ru-mat-OL-o-jist): Medical doctor specializing in diagnosis and treatment of joint disorders.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Rhinitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ri-NI-tis): Inflammation of the nose.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Rhinoplasty &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(RI-no-plas-te): Surgical repair of the nose.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Rhinorrhea &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ri-no-RE-ah): Discharge of mucus from the nose.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Rhonchi &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(RONG-ki): Loud, rumbling sounds heard on auscultation of bronchi that are obstructed by sputum.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Rhytidectomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(rih-tih-DEK-to-me): Plastic surgery to remove wrinkles and other signs of aging.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ribonucleic acid &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ri-bo-nu-KLE-ik AS-id): Cellular substance that, along with DNA, plays a role in protein synthesis.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ribs &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ribz): Twelve pairs of curved bones that form the chest wall.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Right lymphatic duct&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (rite limf-FAH-tik dukt): Receives lymph from the right side of the body and empties lymph into a vein in the neck.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Rod&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (rod): Photoreceptor cell of the retina essential for vision in low light and for peripheral vision.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Rotation &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ro-TA-shun): Circular movement around an axis (central point).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Rubella &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ru-BEL-ah): Exanthemous viral disease; German measles.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Rubeola &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ru-be-O-lah): Exanthemous viral disease; measles.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Rugae &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(RU-guy): Ridges on the hard palate and the wall of the stomach.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;862f8c68-f406-433e-9552-eed170f63fb9\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style=\&quot;color:#CA500F;\&quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;S&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Sacral &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SA-kral): Pertaining to the sacrum.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Sacral vertebrae&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (SA-kral VER-teh-bray): Bones of the sacrum (lower back below the lumbar region).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Sacrum &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SA-krum): Large, triangular bone of the back (spine).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Sagittal plane &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SAJ-ih-tal playn): Lengthwise vertical plane dividing the body or structure into a right and left sides; lateral plane.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Saliva &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(sah-LI-vah): Digestive juice produced by salivary glands.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Salivary glands &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SAL-ih-var-e glandz): Three pairs of exocrine glands secreting saliva into the mouth; parotid glands, sublingual glands, and submandibular glands.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Salpingectomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(sal-pin-JEK-to-me): Removal of a fallopian tube.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Salpingitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(sal-pin-JI-tis): Inflammation of a fallopian tube.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Salpingopharyngeal &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(sal-ping-go-fah-RIN-ge-al): Pertaining to the eustachian tube and the throat.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Sarcoidosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(sar-koy-DO-sis): Chronic inflammatory disease of unknown cause in which small nodules or tubercles develop in lungs, lymph nodes, and other organs.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Sarcoma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(sar-KO-mah): Tumor (malignant) of flesh tissue such as bone, muscle, fat, and cartilage.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Sarcopenia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(sar-ko-PE-ne-ah): Loss of muscle mass and strength; associated with aging.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Scabies &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SKA-beez): Contagious, parasitic infection of the skin with intense pruritus (itching).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Scan &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(skan): Image of an area, organ, or tissue of the body obtained from ultrasound, radioactive tracer studies, or computed tomography.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Scapula &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SKAP-u-lah): Shoulder blade.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Scapular &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SKAP-u-lar): Pertaining to the shoulder blade.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Schedule &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SKED-ule): The exact timing and frequency of drug administration.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Schizoid personality&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (SKIT-zoyd): Emotionally cold and aloof, as if split off from other people; indifferent to praise or criticism or to the feelings of others. &amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Schizophrenia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(skit-zo-FREN-e-ah): Psychosis marked by withdrawal from reality into an inner world of disorganized thinking and conflict.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Sciatic nerve&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (si-AH-tik nerv): Extends from the base of the spine down the thigh, lower leg, and foot. Sciatica is pain along the course of the nerve.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Sciatica &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(si-AH-tih-kah): Pain or inflammation along the course of the sciatic nerve.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Scintigraphy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SIN-tih-grah-fe): Diagnostic nuclear medicine test using radiopharmaceuticals and gamma cameras to create images.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Scirrhous &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SKIR-us): Pertaining to hard, densely packed tumors, overgrown with fibrous tissue.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Sclera &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SKLEH-rah): Tough, white outer coat of the eyeball.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Scleral buckle &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SKLEH-ral BUK-el): Suture of a silicone band to the sclera over a detached portion of the retina.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Scleritis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(skleh-RI-tis): Inflammation of the sclera.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Scleroderma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(skleh-ro-DER-mah): Chronic progressive disease of the skin and internal organs with hardening and shrinking of connective tissue.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Scoliosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(sko-le-O-sis): Abnormal condition of lateral (sideways) curvature of the spine.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Scotoma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(sko-TO-mah): Blind spot in the field of vision.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Scrotum &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SKRO-tum): Sac that contains the testes and associated organs.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Sebaceous gland&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (se-BA-shus gland): Oil-secreting gland in the dermis; associated with hair follicles.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Seborrhea &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(seb-o-RE-ah): Condition marked by excessive secretion from sebaceous glands.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Seborrheic dermatitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(seb-o-RE-ik der-mah-TI-tis): Inflammation of the skin with excessive secretion from sebaceous glands.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Sebum &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SE-bum): Oily substance secreted by sebaceous glands in the skin.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Secondary hypertension &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SEK-on-dair-e hi-per-TEN-shun): High blood pressure caused by kidney disease or other disorders.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Secondary tumors&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (SEK-on-dair-e TU-morz): New types of tumors, originating at a site separate from the primary tumor.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Sedative &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SED-ah-tiv): Drug that induces calmness, promotes sleep, and helps lessen anxiety.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Sella turcica&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (SEL-ah TUR-sik-ah): Cavity in the sphenoid bone at the base of the skull where the pituitary gland is located.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Semen &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SE-men): Fluid discharged at ejaculation; consisting of sperm cells and secretions from the prostate gland, seminal vesicles, and bulbourethral glands.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Semen analysis&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (SE-men ah-NAL-ih-sis): Microscopic examination of ejaculated fluid.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Semicircular canals &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(seh-me-SER-ku-lar kah-NALZ): Passages in the inner ear associated with maintaining equilibrium.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Seminal vesicles &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SEH-min-al VES-ik-ils): Pair of male exocrine glands lying behind the urinary bladder and opening into the vas deferens.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Seminiferous tubules&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (seh-mih-NIF-er-us TOOB-ulez): Narrow, coiled tubules that produce sperm in the testes.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Seminoma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(seh-mih-NO-mah): Malignant tumor of a testis.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Sensory nerve&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (SEN-sor-e nerv): Carries messages to the brain and spinal cord from a receptor; afferent nerve.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Septal defects &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SEP-tal DE-fekts): Small holes, present at birth, in the walls between the heart chambers.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Septum; &amp;lt;em&amp;gt;pl&amp;lt;/em&amp;gt;. septa&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (SEP-tum; SEP-ta): Wall or partition. The interatrial septum lies between the atria of the heart and the interventricular septum is between the ventricles of the heart.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Serous &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SER-us): Pertaining to a clear fluid (serum) that remains after blood has clotted. Serous tumors are cystic tumors filled with a thin, water fluid, resembling serum.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Serum &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SER-um): Plasma minus clotting proteins (prothrombin and fibrinogen) and clotting cells.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Serum calcium&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (SER-um KAL-se-um test): Measurement of calcium level in serum (blood minus clotting proteins and cells).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Serum creatine kinase&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (SER-um KRE-ah-tine KI-nays): Measurement of the enzyme creatine kinase in serum; increased levels occur in muscular dystrophy, polymyositis, rhabdomyolysis, and traumatic injuries.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Sessile &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SEH-sile): Type of polyp that extends from a broad base as opposed to growing on a stalk.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Severe combined immunodeficiency disease &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(seh-VEER kom-BINED ih-mu-no-deh-FIH-shen-se dih- ZEEZ): Condition present at birth marked by a deficiency of B cells and T cells resulting in a lack of immunity.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Sex hormones&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (sex HOR-mones): Steroids (androgens and estrogens) produced by the adrenal cortex to influence male and female sexual characteristics.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Sexual dysfunctions&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (SEX-u-al dis-FUNK-shunz): Disturbances in a person’s ability to respond sexually or to experience sexual pleasure.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Sexual masochism&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (SEX-u-al): Sexual gratification gained by being mutilated, beaten, or bound or otherwise made to suffer by another person.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Sexual sadism &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SEX-u-al SA-dizm): Sexual gratification gained by inflicting physical or psychologic pain or harm on others.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Shingles &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SHING-ulz): Viral (herpes zoster) illness that affects peripheral nerves; produces blisters and pain on the skin overlying the path of peripheral nerves.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Sialadenectomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(si-al-ah-deh-NEK-to-me): Removal (excision) of a salivary gland.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Sialadenitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(si-al-ah-deh-NI-tis): Inflammation of a salivary gland.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Sialolith &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(si-AL-o-lith): Salivary gland stone; lodged in a salivary gland or duct.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Sickle cell anemia&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (SIK-el sel ah-NE-me-uh): Hereditary of abnormal hemoglobin producing sickle-shaped erythrocytes and hemolysis.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Side effect &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(side eh-FEKT): Adverse effect that routinely results from the use of a drug.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Sideropenia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(si-der-o-PE-ne-ah): Deficiency of iron in the blood.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Sigmoid colon&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (SIG-moyd KO-lon): Lower, s-shaped segment of the colon, just before the rectum.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Sigmoidoscopy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(sig-moyd-OS-ko-pe): Visual endoscopic examination of the sigmoid colon.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Silicosis&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (sil-ih-KO-sis): Silica glass dust collects in the lungs; a type of pneumoconiosis.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Simulation &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(sim-u-LA-shun): Study prior to radiation therapy using CT scan or MRI to map treatment. It is required for all patients undergoing radiation therapy.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Single photon emission computed tomography&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (SING-il FO-ton e-MIH-shun com-PU-ted to-MOG-rah-fe): Radioactive tracer is injected intravenously, and a computer reconstructs a three-dimensional image based on a composite of many views; SPECT.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Sinoatrial node&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (si-no-A-tre-al node): Sensitive nervous tissue in the wall of the right atrium of the heart; pacemaker.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Sinus &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SI-nus): Hollow air cavity within a bone.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Sinusitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(si-nu-SI-tis): Inflammation of paranasal sinuses.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Skin biopsy&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (skin BI-op-se): Suspicious skin lesions are removed or sampled and examined microscopically by a pathologist.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Skin test &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(skin test): Substances are injected intradermally or applied to the skin, and results are observed.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Slit lamp microscopy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(slit lamp mi-KROS-ko-pe): Examination of anterior ocular (eye) structures under microscopic magnification.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Sodium&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (SO-de-um): Chemical element (Na) necessary for cellular functioning. As an electrolyte (NA+), its blood and urine levels are regulated by the kidney.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Solid tumor&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (SOL-id TU-mor): Tumor composed of a mass of cells.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Somatic symptom disorders &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(so-MAT-ik SIM-tom dis-OR-derz): Presence of physical symptoms that cannot be explained by an actual physical disorder or mental disorder such as depression.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Somatotropin &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(so-mah-to-TRO-pin): Hormone secreted by the anterior lobe of the pituitary gland; growth hormone.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Sonogram&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (SON-o-gram): Image of sound waves as they bounce off organs in the body; echogram or ultrasound image.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Spermatogenesis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(sper-mah-to-JEN-eh-sis): Formation of sperm cells.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Spermatozoon,&amp;lt;em&amp;gt; pl&amp;lt;/em&amp;gt;. spermatozoa&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (sper-mah-to-ZO-en; sper-mah-to-ZO-ah): Single sperm cell.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Spermolytic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(sper-mo-LIH-tik): Pertaining to destruction of sperm.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Sphenoid bone&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (SFEH-noyd bone): Bat-shaped bone that forms part of the base of the skull.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Spherocytosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(sfer-o-si-TO-sis): Increase in numbers of sphere-shaped red blood cells, as in a type of anemia (hemolytic anemia).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Sphincter &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SFINK-ter): Circular ring of muscle that constricts a passage or closes a natural opening.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Sphygmomanometer &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(sfig-mo-mah-NOM-eh-ter): Instrument to measure blood pressure.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Spina bifida&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (SPI-na BIF-ih-dah): Congenital defect in the lumbar spinal column caused by imperfect union of vertebral parts; spinal cord and meninges may herniate through the vertebral gap.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Spinal cavity &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SPI-nal KAV-ih-te): Space within the spinal column (backbones) containing the spinal cord.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Spinal column &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SPI-nal KOL-um): Bone tissue surrounding the spinal cavity.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Spinal cord&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (SPI-nal kord): Nervous tissue within the spinal cavity.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Spinal nerves&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (SPI-nal nervz): Pairs of nerves, arising one on each side of the spinal column. They transmit messages to and from the spinal cord.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Spinal stenosis&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (SPI-nal steh-NO-sis): Narrowing of the neural (spinal) canal in the lumbar spine.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Spirometer &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(spi-ROM-eh-ter): Instrument that measures breathing.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Spleen &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(spleen): Organ in the left upper quadrant of the abdomen that destroys wornout red blood cells, activates lymphocytes, and stores blood.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Splenectomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(spleh-NEK-to-me): Removal of the spleen.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Splenic flexure&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (SPLEN-ik FLEK-shur): Normal downward bend of the colon on the left side of the body toward the descending colon.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Splenomegaly &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(spleh-no-MEG-ah-le): Enlargement of the spleen.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Spondylolisthesis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(spon-dih-lo-lis-THE-sis): Forward slipping (subluxation) of one vertebra over another.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Spondylosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(spon-dih-LO-sis): Abnormal condition of the spine (vertebral column) characterized by stiffness and fixation of vertebral joints.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Sprain &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(sprayn): Injury, often the result of trauma, involving overstretching of ligaments around a joint.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Sputum &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SPU-tum): Material expelled from the chest by coughing or by clearing the throat; phlegm.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Sputum culture&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (SPU-tum KUL-chur): Sputum is collected and placed in a growth medium to analyze the type of microorganisms that may be present.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Squamous cell carcinoma&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (SKWA-mus sel kar-sih-NO-mah): Malignant tumor of the squamous epithelial cells in the epidermis.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Squamous epithelium &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SKWA-mus ep-ih-THE-le-um): Flat, scale-like cells composing the epidermis (outer layer of the skin).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Staging of tumors&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (STA-jing of TU-morz): System of evaluating the extent of spread of tumors.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Stapedectomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(sta-peh-DEK-to-me): Removal of the stapes (third middle ear bone).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Stapes &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(STA-peez): Small, stirrup-shaped bone in the middle ear; third ossicle.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Staphylococci &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(staf-il-o-KOK-si): Berry or spherical shaped bacteria arranged in clusters.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Statins &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(STAT-inz): Drugs given to lower cholesterol in the bloodstream.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Steatorrhea &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ste-ah-to-RE-ah): Discharge of fat in the feces due to improper digestion and malabsorption of fat.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Stem cell&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (STEM sel): Unspecialized cell that gives rise to mature, specialized forms. A hematopoietic stem cell is the progenitor for all different types of blood cells.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Stem cell transplantation&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (stem sel tranzplan-TA-shun): Stem cells (immature blood cells) are harvested from the bloodstream of a patient and then reinfused after the patient has received chemotherapy.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Stereotactic radiosurgery&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (steh-re-o-TAK-tik ra-de-o-SUR-jer-e): Single large dose of radiation delivered under stereotactic (highly precise) guidance to destroy a vascular abnormality or treat small brain tumors.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Sterilization &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ster-ih-lih-ZA-shun): Procedure that removes an individual’s ability to produce or release reproductive cells.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Sternum &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(STER-num): Breast bone.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Steroid &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(STEH-royd): Complex, naturally occurring chemical, such as a hormone.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Stethoscope &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(STETH-o-skope): Instrument for listening to sounds in the chest.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Stimulant &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(STIM-u-lant): Drug that excites and promotes activity.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Stimulus &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(STIM-u-lus): Agent of change (light, sound, and touch) that evokes a response.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Stomach &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(STUM-ak): Muscular organ that receives food from the esophagus; composed of three main parts: fundus (upper portion), body (middle section), and antrum (lower portion).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Stomatitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(sto-mah-TI-tis): Inflammation of the mouth.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Stool culture&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (stool KUL-chur): Test for microorganisms, such as bacteria, in feces.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Stool guaiac&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (stool GWI-ak): Test for detection of occult (hidden) blood in feces.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Strabismus &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(strah-BIZ-mus): Abnormal deviation of the eye; esotropia or exotropia are examples.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Strain &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(strayn): Muscle injury involving overstretching of muscle.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Stratified &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(STRAH-tih-fide): Arranged in layers.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Stratum corneum&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (STRAH-tum KOR-ne-um): Outermost layer of the epidermis, consisting of flattened, keratinized cells.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Stratum; &amp;lt;em&amp;gt;pl&amp;lt;/em&amp;gt;. strata&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (STRAH-tum; STRAH-tah): A layer (of cells).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Streptococcus; &amp;lt;em&amp;gt;pl&amp;lt;/em&amp;gt;. streptococci &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(strep-to-KOK-sis; strep-to-KOK-si): Berry or spherical shaped bacterium in a twisted chain formation.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Stress test &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(STRESS test): Exercise tolerance test (ETT) is used to determine the heart’s response to physical exertion.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Striated muscle&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (STRI-a-ted MUS-el): Muscle attached to bones; composed of bands of fibers that make the muscle look striped or (striated). Also called voluntary or skeletal muscle.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Stricture &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(STRIK-shur): Narrowing of a tubular structure in the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Stridor &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(STRI-dor): Strained, high-pitched sound heard on inspiration caused by obstruction in the pharynx or larynx.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Stroma&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (STRO-mah): Connective and supportive tissue of an organ.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Stromal tissue&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (STRO-mal TIH-shu): Supportive, connective tissue of an organ.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Styloid process&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (STI-loyd PROS-es): Pole-like process extending downward from the temporal bone on each side of the skull.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Subcostal &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(sub-KOS-tal): Pertaining to under the ribs.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Subcutaneous &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(sub-ku-TA-ne-us): Pertaining to under the skin.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Subcutaneous layer&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (sub-ku-TA-ne-us LA-er): Innermost layer of the skin, containing fat tissue.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Subdural hematoma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(sub-DU-ral he-mah-TO-mah): Collection of blood in the space below the dura mater surrounding the brain.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Subhepatic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(sub-heh-PAT-ik): Pertaining to below the liver.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Sublingual &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(sub-LING-wal): Pertaining to under the tongue.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Sublingual administration (&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;sub-LING-wal ad-min-is-TRA-shun): Drugs are given by placement under the tongue.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Subluxation &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(sub-luk-SA-shun): Partial or incomplete dislocation of a bone from its normal position; often a misalignment of vertebrae.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Submandibular &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(sub-man-DIB-u-lar): Pertaining to under the lower jaw (mandible).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Substance-related and addictive disorders&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (SUB-stans re-LA-ted and ah-DIK-tiv dis-OR-derz): Group of disorders marked by regular overuse of or dependence on psychoactive substances that affect the central nervous system.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Subungual &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(sub-UNG-wal): Pertaining to under a nail.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Sulcus;&amp;lt;em&amp;gt; pl&amp;lt;/em&amp;gt;. sulci &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SUL-kus; SUL-si): Depression or groove in the surface of the cerebral cortex; fissure.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Superego &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(su-per-E-go): Internalized conscience and moral aspect of the personality.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Superficial&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (su-per-FIH-shul): Pertaining to on the surface of the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Superior&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (su-PE-re-ur): Above another structure.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Supination &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(su-pih-NA-shun): As applied to the hand and forearm, the act of turning the palm upward.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Supine &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(su-PINE): Lying on the back (face up, palms up).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Supportive Psychotherapy&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (suh-POR-tiv si-ko-THER-ah-pe): Treatment that involves offering encouragement, and hope to patients facing difficult life transitions and events.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Suppressor T Cell &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(suh-PRE-sor T sel): Lymphocyte that inhibits the activity of B and T cell lymphocytes. Also called a Treg (regulatory T cell).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Supraclavicular &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(soo-prah-klah-VIK-u-lar): Pertaining to above the clavicle (collar bone).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Suprapubic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(su-prah-PU-bik): Pertaining to above the pubic bones.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Suture &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SU-chur): Immovable joint between bones, such as the skull (cranium).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Suture Joint &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SU-chur joint): Immovable joint, such as between the bones of the skull.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Symbiosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(sim-be-O-sis): Close interaction between two organisms living in close association.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Symmetry &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SIM-met-re): Measurement together; similarity of parts as in mirror images of each other.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Sympathetic Nerves&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (sim-pah-THET-ik nervz): Autonomic nerves that activate responses in times of stress; heartbeat, respiration, and blood pressure are affected.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Sympathomimetic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(sim-pah-tho-mih-MET-ik): Pertaining to mimicking or copying the effect of the sympathetic nervous system; adrenaline and norepinephrine are sympathomimetic hormones.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Symphysis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SIM-fih-sis): Bones that grow together separated by a piece of fibrocartilage. The pubic symphysis of the pelvis is an example.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Symptom &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SIMP-tum): Subjective change in a condition as perceived by the patient.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Synapse &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SIN-aps): Space through which a nervous impulse travels between nerve cells or between nerve and muscle or glandular cells.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Syncopal &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SIN-ko-pal): Pertaining to syncope (fainting).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Syncope &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SIN-ko-pe): Fainting; temporary loss of consciousness.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Syndactyly &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(sin-DAK-til-e): Fusion of fingers or toes; congenital anomaly.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Syndrome &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SIN-drohm): Signs and symptoms that occur together indicating a particular condition or disorder.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Syndrome of inappropriate ADH &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SIN-drohm of in-ah-PRO-pre-it ADH): Excessive secretion of antidiuretic hormone (ADH, vasopressin) leading to water retention.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Synergism &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SIN-er-jizm): Drug action in which the combination of two drugs causes an effect that is greater than the sum of the individual effects of each drug.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Synergistic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(sin-er-JIS-tik): Pertaining to synergism.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Synovial cavity&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (sih-NO-ve-al KAV-ih-te): Space between bones at a synovial joint; contains synovial fluid produced by the synovial membrane.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Synovial fluid&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (sih-NO-ve-al FLU-id): Viscous (sticky) fluid within the synovial cavity.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Synovial joint &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(sih-NO-ve-al joynt): Freely movable joint.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Synovial membrane&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (si-NO-ve-al MEM-brayn): Tissue lining the synovial cavity; it produces synovial fluid.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Synovitis&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (sin-o-VI-tis): Inflammation of the synovial membrane lining the synovial joint.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Synthesis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SIN-theh-sis): Putting together of simple substances to create something new and often more complex.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Syphilis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SIF-ih-lis): Sexually transmitted infection caused by bacteria (spirochetes). A chancre (ulcer) on the genitalia is a characteristic lesion.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Syringe &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(sih-RINJ): Instrument for introducing or withdrawing fluids from the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Systemic circulation&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (sis-TEM-ik ser-ku-LA-shun): Flow of blood from body tissues to the heart and from the heart back to the tissues.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Systemic lupus erythematosus&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (sis-TEM-ik LU-pus eh-rith-eh-mah-TO-sus): Chronic inflammatory autoimmune disease of collagen in skin, joints, and internal organs.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Systole &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(SIS-to-le): Contraction phase of the heartbeat.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;5a10b8a7-ec61-430a-bca5-f34925ffa8db\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style=\&quot;color:#CA500F;\&quot;&amp;gt;T&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;T cell&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (T sel): Lymphocyte that acts directly on antigens to destroy them or produce chemicals (cytokines) such as interferons and interleukins that are toxic to antigens.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Tachycardia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(tah-ke-KAR-de-ah): Rapid heartbeat.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Tachypnea &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(tah-KIP-ne-ah): Abnormally rapid breathing.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Tagging &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(TAG-ing): Attaching a radionuclide to a chemical and following its path in the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Talipes &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(TAL-ih-peez): Congenital abnormality of the hindfoot (involving the talus); clubfoot&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Target tissue&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (TAR-get TIH-shu): Cells of an organ that are affected or stimulated by specific hormones.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Tarsals &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(TAR-salz): Ankle bones.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Tarsectomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(tar-SEK-to-me): Removal of an ankle bone.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Technetium Tc99M sestamibi scan&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (tek-NE-she-um TC99m ses-tah-MIH-be skan): Technetium Tc99m sestamibi injected intravenously is taken up in cardiac tissue, where it is detected by scanning.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Telemetry &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(tel-EM-et-re): Continuous monitoring of a patient’s heart rhythm in a hospital.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Teletherapy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(tel-e-THER-ah-pe): Radiation delivered to a tumor from a distant source, such as a linear accelerator or cyclotron.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Temporal bone&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (TEM-por-al bone): One of two bones on each side of the skull near the ear.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Temporomandibular&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;joint &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(tem-por-o-man-DIB-u-lar joynt): Connection on either side of the head between the temporal bone of the skull and mandibular bone of the jaw.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Tendinosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ten-dih-NO-sis): Abnormal condition of tendons.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Tendon &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(TEN-dun): Fibrous, connective tissue binding muscles to bones.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Tenorrhaphy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ten-OR-ah-fe): Suture of a tendon.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Tenosynovitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ten-o-sih-no-VI-tis): Inflammation of a tendon and its sheath or covering.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Teratoma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ter-ah-TO-mah): Malignant tumor of a testis or ovary; composed of embryonic cells that develop into different types of tissue.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Testes&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (TES-teez): Two glands enclosed in the scrotal sac of a male; responsible for sperm production and testosterone secretion.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Testicular &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(tes-TIK-u-lar): Pertaining to a testis or testicle.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Testicular cancer&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (tes-TIK-u-lar KAN-ser): Malignant tumor of the testicles.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Testicular torsion &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(tes-TIK-u-lar TOR-shun): Twisting of the spermatic cord and blood vessels of the testes.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Testis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(TES-tis): Male gonad that produces sperm and the hormone, testosterone.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Testosterone &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(tes-TOS-teh-rone): Male hormone secreted by the testes.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Tetany &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(TET-ah-ne): Constant muscle contractions; associated with hypocalcemia and hypoparathyroidism.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Tetraiodothyronine &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(teh-rah-i-o-do-THI-ro-neen): Hormone secreted by the thyroid gland that increases body metabolism; thyroxine (T4).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Tetralogy of Fallot &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(teh-TRAH-lo-je of fah-LO): Four separate defects of the heart occurring at birth.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Thalamic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(THAL-ah-mik): Pertaining to the thalamus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Thalamus &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(THAL-ah-mus): Main relay center of the brain. Optic nerve fibers pass through the thalamus on their way to the cerebral cortex.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Thalassemia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(thal-ah-SE-me-ah): Inherited defect in the ability to produce hemoglobin, usually seen in persons of Mediterranean background.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Thallium scan&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (THAL-e-um skan): Thallium 201 is injected intravenously to allow for myocardial perfusion and assess damage to heart muscle from heart attacks.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Therapeutic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ther-ah-PU-tik): Pertaining to treatment or therapy.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Thoracentesis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(thor-ah-sen-TE-sis): Surgical puncture to remove fluid from the chest.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Thoracic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(thor-AH-sik): Pertaining to the chest.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Thoracic cavity&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (thor-AH-sik KAV-ih-te): Space in the chest containing the heart, lungs, bronchial tubes, trachea, esophagus, and other organs.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Thoracic duct&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (thor-AH-sik dukt): Large lymphatic vessel in the upper chest.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Thoracic vertebrae&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (thor-AH-sik VER-teh-bray): Twelve backbones in the region of the chest.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Thoracoscopy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(thor-ah-KOS-ko-pe): Visual examination of the chest using small incision and an endoscope.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Thoracotomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(thor-ah-KOT-o-me): Incision of the chest.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Thrill &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(thril): Vibration felt over an area of turmoil in blood flow (as a blocked artery).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Thrombin &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(THROM-bin): Enzyme that converts fibrinogen to fibrin during coagulation.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Thrombocyte &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(THROM-bo-site): Clotting cell; platelet.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Thrombocytopenia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(throm-bo-si-to-PE-ne-ah): Deficiency of clotting cells.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Thrombolysis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(throm-BOL-ih-sis): Destruction of a clot.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Thrombolytic therapy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(throm-bo-LIH-tik THER-ah-pe): Treatment with drugs to break down clots that may abnormally form in blood vessels.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Thrombophlebitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(throm-bo-fleh-BI-tis): Inflammation of a vein associated with formation of a thrombus or clot.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Thrombosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(throm-BO-sis): Abnormal condition of clot formation in a blood vessel.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Thrombotic occlusion&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (throm-BOT-ik ok-LU-zhen): Blockage of a blood vessel caused by thrombosis or clot formation.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Thrombus &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(THROM-bus): Abnormal clot formation in a blood vessel; a blood clot.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Thymectomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(thi-MEK-to-me): Removal of the thymus gland.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Thymoma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(thi-MO-mah): Tumor of the thymus gland.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Thymus gland&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (THI-mus gland): Lymphoid organ in the mediastinum that produces T cell lymphocytes and aids in the immune response.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Thyroid carcinoma&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (THI-royd kar-sih-NO-mah): Malignant tumor of the thyroid gland.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Thyroid function tests&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (THI-royd FUNK-shun tests): Measurement of thyroxine, triiodothyronine, and thyroidstimulating hormone in the bloodstream.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Thyroid gland&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (THI-royd gland): Endocrine gland that surrounds the trachea in the neck; secretes the hormone, thyroxine.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Thyroid hormone &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(THI-royd HOR-mone): Secretion from the thyroid gland that stimulates cellular metabolism.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Thyroid scan&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (THI-royd skan): Administration of a radioactive compound and visualization of the thyroid gland with a scanning device.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Thyroiditis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(thi-royd-I-tis): Inflammation of the thyroid gland.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Thyrotoxicosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(thi-ro-tok-sih-KO-sis): Hyperthyroidism (overactivity of the thyroid gland).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Thyrotropin &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(thi-ro-TRO-pin): Hormone secreted by the anterior lobe of the pituitary gland; stimulates the thyroid gland to secrete its hormones. Also called thyroid-stimulating hormone or TSH.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Thyroxine &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(thi-ROK-sin): Hormone secreted by the thyroid gland to increase body metabolism; T4.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Tibia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(TIB-e-ah): Larger of the two lower leg bones.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Tibial&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (TIB-e-al): Pertaining to the larger of the two lower leg bones.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Tic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(TIK): Involuntary movement of a small group of muscles.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Tinea &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(TIN-e-ah): Infection of the skin caused by a fungus; tinea corporis (ringworm) and tinea pedis (athlete’s foot) are examples.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Tinnitus &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(TIN-nih-tus): Sensation of noises (ringing, buzzing, whistling, booming) in the ears without an external source.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Tolerance &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(TOL-er-antz): Ability of T lymphocytes to recognize and accept the body’s own antigens as “self” or friendly. Once tolerance is established, the immune system will not react against the body’s own cells. Also in pharmacology tolerance is a drug action in which larger and larger doses must be given to achieve a desired effect.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Tonic-clonic seizure&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (TON-ik-KLON-ik SE-zhur): Major seizure affecting the brain in epilepsy; grand-mal seizure.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Tonometry &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(to-NOM-eh-tre): Measurement of tension and pressure within the eye; glaucoma test.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Tonsillar &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(TON-sih-lar): Pertaining to the tonsils.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Tonsillectomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ton-sih-LEK-to-me): Removal of tonsils.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Tonsillitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ton-sih-LI-tis): Inflammation of tonsils.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Tonsils &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(TON-silz): Masses of lymphatic tissue in the back of the oropharynx.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Topical application &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(TOP-ik-el ap-lih-KA-shun): Drugs are applied locally on the skin or mucous membranes of the body; ointments, lotions, and creams are examples.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Tourette syndrome&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (tur-ET SIN-drohm): Involuntary, spasmodic movements; uncontrollable vocal sounds; and inappropriate words.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Toxic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(TOK-sik): Pertaining to a toxin (a poisonous or harmful substance).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Toxicity &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(tok-SIS-ih-te): Harmful effect of a drug.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Toxicology &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(tok-sih-KOL-o-je): Branch of pharmacology that studies harmful chemicals and their effects on the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Toxin &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(TOK-sin): Poison or harmful substance.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Trabeculae &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(trah-BEK-u-le): Supporting latticework of bony fibers in cancellous, spongy (soft) bone.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Trabeculoplasty &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(trah-bek-u-lo-PLAS-te): Procedure using a laser beam to reduce intraocular pressure in patients with glaucoma.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Tracer studies&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (TRA-ser STUD-eez): Radionuclides are attached to chemicals, used as tags or markers, and followed as they travel through the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Trachea&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (TRA-ke-ah): Windpipe; tube leading from the pharynx (throat) and larynx (voice box) to the bronchial tubes.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Tracheal &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(TRA-ke-al): Pertaining to the trachea.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Tracheal stenosis&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (TRA-ke-al steh-NO-sis): Narrowing of the trachea.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Tracheostomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(tra-ke-OS-to-me): New opening of the trachea to the outside of the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Tracheotomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(tra-ke-OT-o-me): Incision of the trachea.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Tranquilizer &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(TRAN-kwil-i-zer): Drug that controls anxiety and severe disturbances of behavior.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Transcatheter aortic valve replacement &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(tranz-KATH-eh-ter a-OR-tik valv re-PLAYS-ment): Placement of a balloonexpandable aortic heart valve into the body via a catheter; TAVR.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Transference &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(trans-FUR-enz): Process by which a patient relates to a therapist as though the therapist were a prominent childhood figure.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Transfusion &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(tranz-FU-zhun): Transfer of blood from one person to another.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Transhepatic &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(tranz-heh-PAT-ik): Pertaining to through or across the liver.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Transient ischemic attack&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (TRAN-ze-ent is-KE-mik ah-TAK): Fleeting episode of ischemia (holding back blood) in the brain; TIA.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Transport &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(TRANS-port): Movement of a drug across a cell membrane into body cells.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Transurethral &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(tranz-u-RE-thral): Pertaining to across or through the urethra.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Transurethral resection of the prostate&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (tranz-u-RE-thral re-SEK-shun of the PROS-tayt): Removal of portions of prostate gland through the urethra; TURP.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Transverse plane&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (tranz-VERS playn): Horizontal (cross-sectional) plane dividing the body into upper and lower portions; axial plane.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Transvestic fetishism&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (trans-VES-tik FET-ish-izm): Wearing clothing of the opposite sex accompanied by recurrent and intense sexual arousal.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Tricuspid valve&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (tri-KUS-pid valv): Valve located between the right atrium and right ventricle of the heart.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Tricyclic antidepressants &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(tri-SIK-lik an-tih-deh-PRES-antz): Group of drugs used to treat severe depression; TCAs.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Trigeminal neuralgia&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (tri-JEM-in-al nur-AL-jah): Flashes of stab-like pain along the trigeminal nerve (5th cranial nerve). The trigeminal nerve has branches to the eye, upper jaw, and lower jaw.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Triglycerides &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(tri-GLIS-eh-ridez): Fat molecules composed of three parts fatty acids and one part glycerol; chief form of lipids.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Trigone &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(TRI-gohn): Triangular area in the urinary bladder where the ureters enter and the urethra exits.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Trigonitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(tri-go-NI-tis): Inflammation of the trigone of the urinary bladder.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Triiodothyronine &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(tri-i-o-do-THI-ro-neen): Hormone secreted by the thyroid gland; stimulates body metabolism; T3.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Tubal ligation &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(TOOB-al li-GA-shun): Blocking the fallopian tubes to prevent fertilization from occurring.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Tube thoracostomy&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (toob thor-ah-KOS-to-me): Flexible, plastic chest tube is passed into the pleural space through an opening in the chest.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Tuberculin test&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (tu-BER-ku-lin test): Determines past or present exposure to tuberculosis based on a positive skin test.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Tuberculosis&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (tu-ber-ku-LO-sis): Infectious disease caused by &amp;lt;em&amp;gt;Mycobacterium tuberculosis&amp;lt;/em&amp;gt;. Lungs are usually involved but other organs may be affected.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Tuning fork test &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(TU-ning fork test): Test of ear conduction using a vibration source (tuning fork).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Tympanic membrane&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (tim-PAN-ik MEM-brayn): Membrane between the outer and middle ear; eardrum.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Tympanoplasty &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(tim-pah-no-PLAS-te): Surgical repair of the eardrum.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;e34ac0cf-f0eb-4d9e-972a-0c5695bf9b37\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style=\&quot;color:#CA500F;\&quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;U&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ulcer &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(UL-ser): Open sore on the skin or mucous membranes of the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ulcerating tumor&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (UL-ser-A-ting TU-mor): Tumor growth that has open, exposed surfaces resulting from death of overlying tissue.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ulcerative colitis&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (UL-ser-ah-tiv ko-LI-tis): Chronic inflammation of the colon with the presence of ulcers.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ulna &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(UL-nah): One of two bones in the lower arm; connects to the wrist on the little finger side.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ulnar &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(UL-nar): Pertaining to the ulna.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ultrasonography &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ul-trah-so-NOG-rah-fe): Use of high frequency sound waves to produce a record or picture of an organ or tissue.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ultrasound transducer&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (ul-trah-SOWND tranz-DU-ser): Handheld device that sends and receives ultrasound signals.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Umbilical region&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (um-BIL-ih-kal RE-jen): Central abdominopelvic region near the navel; umbilical means pertaining to the navel.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Undifferentiated &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(un-dif-er-EN-she-a-ted): Description of cells or tissues that do not have specialized (“mature”) structures or functions. Undifferentiated cancer cells often grow and spread quickly.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Unilateral&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (u-nih-LAT-er-al): Pertaining to one side.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Upper gastrointestinal series &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(UP-er gas-tro-in-TEST-in-al SER-eez): X-ray images of the esophagus, stomach, and small intestine obtained after administering barium by mouth.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Uptake &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(UP-take): Rate of absorption of a radionuclide into an organ or tissue.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Urea &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(u-RE-ah): Major nitrogenous waste in urine.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Uremia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(u-RE-me-ah): Excessive amount of urea and other nitrogenous wastes in the blood.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ureter &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(U-reh-ter): One of two tubes carrying urine from the kidneys to the urinary bladder.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ureteroileostomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(u-re-ter-o-il-OS-to-me): New opening of the ureters to a portion of the ileum, removed from its normal location and connected to the outside of the body. It serves as a passageway for urine to leave the body when the urinary bladder is removed.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ureteroneocystostomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(u-re-ter-o-ne-o-sis-TOS-to-me): Surgical transplantation of a ureter to a new site in the urinary bladder. This occurs with a kidney transplant.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ureteroplasty &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(u-re-ter-o-PLAS-te): Surgical repair of ureter.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Urethra &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(u-RE-thrah): Tube leading from the urinary bladder to the outside of the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Urethral stricture &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(u-RE-thral STRIK-shur): Narrowing of the urethra.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Urethritis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(u-re-THRI-tis): Inflammation of the urethra.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Urethroplasty &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(u-re-thro-PLAS-te): Surgical repair of the urethra.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Uric acid&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (U-rik acid): Nitrogenous waste formed when proteins are used in cells. It is excreted by the kidneys in urine.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Uric Acid Test&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (U-rik AS-id test): Measurement of uric acid in serum; high levels are associated with gouty arthritis.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Urinalysis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(u-rin-AL-ih-sis): Series of tests to evaluate the composition of urine. It includes tests to determine color, appearance, sugar, bacteria, and protein in urine.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Urinary bladder&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (U-rin-ar-e BLAD-er): Hollow, muscular sac that holds and stores urine.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Urinary catheterization&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (U-rin-ar-e kath-et-er-ih-ZA-shun): Passage of a catheter into the urinary bladder for temporary or permanent drainage of urine.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Urinary incontinence &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(U-rin-ar-e in-KON-tin-entz): Involuntary passage of urine.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Urinary retention&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (U-rin-ar-e re-TEN-shun): Inability to pass urine, which is held back in the urinary bladder.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Urination &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(u-rin-A-shun): Process of expelling urine; voiding; micturition.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Urography &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(u-ROG-rah-fe): Taking x-ray images of the urinary tract after injecting contrast.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Urologist &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(u-ROL-o-gist): Specialist in the study of the urinary tract. Physician specializing in operating on the urinary tract in males and females and on the reproductive tract in males.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Urticaria &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ur-tih-KA-re-ah): Acute allergic reaction in which red, round wheals develop on the skin; hives.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Uterine prolapse&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (U-ter-ine PRO-laps): Sagging or drooping of the uterus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Uterus &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(U-ter-us): Muscular organ in a female that holds the embryo/fetus as it develops; womb.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Uveitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(u-ve-I-tis): Inflammation of the uvea, which is the vascular layer of the eye (including the iris, choroid, and ciliary body).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Uvula &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(U-vu-lah): Soft tissue hanging from the middle of the soft palate, at the back of the mouth.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Uvulectomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(u-vu-LEK-to-me): Removal (excision) of the uvula.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;ad0c075c-c7fb-4732-8c3b-e9c0db330c2e\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style=\&quot;color:#CA500F;\&quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;V&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Vaccination &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(vak-sih-NA-shun): Exposure of an individual to a foreign protein (antigen) that provokes an immune response. It is a type of acquired immunity.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Vaccine &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(vak-SEEN): Weakened or dead antigen is administered to induce production of antibodies resulting in immunity.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Vagal &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(VA-gal): Pertaining to the vagus nerve.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Vagina &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(vah-JI-nah): Muscular, mucosal canal extending from the uterus and the cervix to the exterior of the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Vaginal orifice &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(VAH-jih-nal OR-ih-fis): Opening of the vagina to the exterior of the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Vaginitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(vah-jih-NI-tis): Inflammation of the vagina.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Vagus nerve &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(VA-gus nerv): Tenth cranial nerve with branches to the chest and abdominal organs.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Valve &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(valv): Structure in a vein or in the heart that temporarily closes an opening so that blood flows in the proper direction.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Valvotomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(val-VOT-o-me): Incision of a valve.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Valvuloplasty &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(val-vu-lo-PLAS-te): Surgical repair of a valve.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Varicella &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(var-ih-SEL-ah): Exanthematous viral disease marked by itchy red rash (herpes zoster) that develops into blisters and pustules and then scabs; chicken pox.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Varicocele &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(VAR-ih-ko-seel): Enlarged, dilated veins near a testicle.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Varicose veins&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (VAR-ih-kos vaynz): Swollen, twisted veins, often occurring in the legs.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Vas deferens&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (vas DEF-er-enz): Narrow tube (one on each side) that carries sperm from the epididymis into the body, around the urinary bladder toward the urethra.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Vascular &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(VAS-ku-lar): Pertaining to a blood vessels.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Vasectomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(vas-EK-to-me): Bilateral surgical removal of a part of the vas deferens; male sterilization.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Vasoconstriction &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(vaz-o-kon-STRIK-shun): Narrowing of a blood vessel.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Vasodilation &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(vaz-o-di-LA-shun): Widening of a blood vessel; vasodilatation.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Vasodilator &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(vaz-o-DI-la-tor): Drug that widens blood vessels.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Vasopressin &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(vaz-o-PRES-in): Hormone secreted by the posterior lobe of the pituitary gland; stimulates the kidneys to reabsorb water. Also called antidiuretic hormone or ADH.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Vasovasostomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(vas-o-vas-OS-to-me): Rejoining the cut ends of the vas deferens to restore male fertility; reversal of vasectomy.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Vegetations &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(vej-eh-TA-shunz): Collections of clotted material that accumulate on endocardium and valves of the heart in conditions such as endocarditis and rheumatic heart disease.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Vein &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(vayn): Thin-walled blood vessel that carries oxygen-poor (deoxygenated) blood from body tissues back to the heart.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Vena cava; &amp;lt;em&amp;gt;pl&amp;lt;/em&amp;gt;. venae cavae&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (VE-nah KA-vah; VE-ne KA-ve): Largest vein in the body. Venae cavae (inferior and superior) return blood to the heart from the body tissues.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Venipuncture&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (ve-nih-PUNK-chur): Incision of a vein to remove blood.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Venous &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(VE-nus): Pertaining to a vein.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ventilation-perfusion scan &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ven-tih-LA-shun per-FU-zhun scan): Nuclear medicine lung scan using radioactive material to evaluate air flow (ventilation) and blood flow (perfusion) in the lungs; V/Q scan.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ventral &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(VEN-tral): Pertaining to the front or anterior portion of the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ventricle &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(VEN-trih-kel): One of two lower chambers of the heart.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Ventricles of the brain&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (VEN-trih-kulz of the brayn): Canals in the brain that contain cerebrospinal fluid.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Venule &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(VEN-ule): Small vein.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Verruca; p. verrucae &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(veh-RU-kah; veh-RU-ke): Small benign growth (wart) in the skin; caused by a virus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Verrucous tumor &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(veh-RU-kus TU-mor): Tumor whose growth pattern resembles a wart.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Vertebra &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(VER-teh-brah): Single backbone; individual segment of the spine.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Vertebrae &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(VER-teh-bray): Backbones.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Vertebral &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ver-TE-bral): Pertaining to backbones.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Vertebroplasty &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ver-TE-bro-plas-te): Surgical repair of a vertebra.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Vertigo &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(VER-tih-go): Sensation of irregular or whirling motion either of oneself or of external objects.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Vesicle &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(VES-ih-kl): Small collection of clear fluid (serum); blister.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;Vesicoureteral reflux (ves-ik-o-u-RE-ter-al RE-fluks): Backflow of urine from the urinary bladder to the ureters.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Vestibule &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(VES-tib-ule): Central cavity of the labyrinth in the inner ear; connecting the cochlea and semicircular canals.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Vestibulocochlear &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ves-tib-u-lo-KO-kle-ar): Pertaining to the vestibule and cochlea of the inner ear.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Villi &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(VIL-i): Microscopic projections in the wall of the small intestine that absorb nutrients into the bloodstream.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Viral hepatitis&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (VI-ral heh-pah-TI-tis): Inflammation of the liver caused by a virus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Viral load test &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(VI-ral LOAD test): Measures the amount of HIV in the blood stream.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Viral oncogenes&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (VI-ral ONK-o-jenz): Pieces of DNA from viruses that infect a normal cell and cause it to become malignant.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Virus &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(VI-rus): Infectious agent that reproduces by entering a host cell and using the host’s genetic material to make copies of itself.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Viscera &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(VIS-er-ah): Internal organs.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Visceral&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (VIS-er-al): Pertaining to internal organs.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Visceral muscle&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (VIS-er-al MUS-el): Muscle that lines the walls of internal organs; smooth, involuntary muscle.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Visceral pleura&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (VIS-er-al PLUR-ah): Innermost membrane of the pleura, lying closest to the lung tissue itself.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Visual acuity test &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(VIZ-u-al ah-KYOO-ih-te test): Eye exam that measures clarity of vision&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Visual field test &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(VIZ-u-al field test): Eye examination that measure of the entire scope of vision (peripheral and central).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Vitamin &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(VI-ta-min): Substance found in foods and essential in small quantities for growth and good health.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Vitiligo &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(vit-ih-LI-go): Patches of white, unpigmented skin surrounded by areas of normal skin; leukoderma.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Vitrectomy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(vi-TREK-to-me): Removal of vitreous humor.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Vitreous humor&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (VIT-re-us HU-mor): Soft, jelly-like material behind the lens in the vitreous chamber; helps maintain the shape of the eyeball.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Voiding &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(VOY-ding): Urination.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Voiding cystourethrogram&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (VOY-ding sis-to-u-RE-thro-gram): X-ray record of the urinary bladder and urethra taken while patient is urinating and after contrast material is injected retrograde through the urethra.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Volvulus &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(VOL-vu-lus): Twisting of the intestine on itself.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Vomer &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(VO-mer): Thin plate of bone that forms part of the nasal septum, which is the wall separating the nostrils.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Voyerism&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (VOY-yer-izm): Abnormal desire to look at sexual organs or watch sexual acts.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Vulva &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(VUL-vah): External genitalia of the female.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Vulvodynia&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (vul-vo-DIN-e-ah): Pain in the female genitalia.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Vulvovaginitis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(vul-vo-vah-jah-NI-tis): Inflammation of the vulva and vagina.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;f7f2cc96-1f4a-4601-80bf-37ff9acdcc52\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style=\&quot;color:#CA500F;\&quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;W&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Wasting syndrome&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (WAYST-ing SIN-drohm): Weight loss and decrease in muscle strength, appetite, and mental activity that occurs with AIDS.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Western blot&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (WES-tern blot): Specific test to detect presence of anti- HIV antibodies in the bloodstream.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Wheal &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(weel): Smooth, edematous (swollen) papule or plaque that is centrally redder than the surrounding skin; often accompanied by itching.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Wheezes &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(WEEZ-ez): Continuous high-pitched whistling sounds produced during breathing.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;White blood cell count &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(wite blood sel kownt): Number of leukocytes per cubic millimeter or microliter of blood.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;White blood cell differential&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (wite blood sel dif-er-EN-shul): Percentages of different types of leukocytes in the blood.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Wilms tumor&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (wilmz TU-mur): Malignant neoplasm (tumor) of the kidney that occurs in childhood.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;352251e4-3b6d-4968-921a-b0b458c07c2b\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style=\&quot;color:#CA500F;\&quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;X&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Xanthoma &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(zan-THO-mah): Soft, yellowish, round nodule found on the eyelids; xanthelasma.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Xenophobia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(zen-o-FO-be-ah): Fear of strangers.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Xerophthalmia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(zer-of-THAL-me-ah): Condition of excessive dryness of the eye.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Xerosis &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(zer-O-sis): Very dry skin.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Xerostomia &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(zer-o-STO-me-ah): Dryness of the mouth.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Xiphoid process &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ZIF-oyd PROS-es): Lower, narrow portion of the sternum (breastbone).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;a9093d74-2e75-48bc-bf54-c365f5804367\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style=\&quot;color:#CA500F;\&quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Y&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Yellow bone marrow&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (YEL-o bone MAH-ro): Fatty tissue found in the medullary cavity (shaft) of most adult long bones.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;51ba45ae-1590-4161-ab70-572867fffac4\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style=\&quot;color:#CA500F;\&quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Z&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Zygomatic bones&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (zi-go-MAT-ik bones): Cheekbones of the face.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Zygote &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(ZI-gote): Stage in prenatal development from fertilization and implantation to two weeks.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n&lt;/blocks&gt;";}}};e.context=n}(window);
</script>

</body>
</html>
