<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
	<meta charset="utf-8"/>
	<title>Introduction</title>
	<meta name="description" content=""/>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod/skins_20221215125633UTC-prod/vcs/css/vcs.css"/>
</head>
<body>
<div epub:type="pagebreak" id="pagebreak_107" class="hidden-pagebreak" title="107" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" />
<script type="text/JavaScript" src="../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod/vcsengines_20221215125633UTC-prod.js"></script>
<div  xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" id="f9e55879-59a9-4f62-b4e3-dc0d0ec0d38b" class="screen rendered">
		<div class="screengrid">
			<header class="screen__margin screen__header u-hide-element vstdonthighlight">
				
					<div class="screen__heading u-float--clearfix">
						<div class="screen__icon u-float--left"></div>
						<h2 class="screen__title" tabindex="-1"></h2>
					</div>
				

				<div class="screen__instructions"></div>
			</header>
		</div>
		
			<div class="screen__content">
				
			<div class="block rendered">
		<div id="f45cdafb-0328-44a4-9b9c-2fa337a9c632" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			
			<h3 class="heading heading--subheadinga"><span style="color:#684182;"><strong>INTRODUCTION</strong></span><br /></h3>
		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div><div class="block rendered">
		<div id="a5882d8c-e74c-44fd-ba4c-fe647fa5af40" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			<div class="static__text--indent">
				<p>The nervous system is one of the most complex of all human body systems. More than 100 billion nerve cells operate constantly all over the body to coordinate the activities we do consciously and voluntarily, as well as those that occur unconsciously or involuntarily. We speak, move muscles, hear, taste, see, and think. Our glands secrete hormones, and we respond to danger, pain, temperature, and touch. All of these functions comprise only a small number of the many activities controlled by the nervous system.</p><p>Fibers exiting from microscopic <strong>nerve cells (neurons)</strong> are collected into macroscopic bundles called <strong>nerves</strong>, which carry electrical messages all over the body. External stimuli, as well as internal chemicals such as <strong>acetylcholine</strong>, activate the cell membranes of nerve cells, which results in electrical discharges of these cells. These electrical discharges, <strong>nervous impulses</strong> , may then traverse the length of the associated nerves. External <strong>receptors </strong>(sense organs) as well as internal receptors in muscles and blood vessels receive these impulses and may in turn transmit impulses to the complex network of nerve cells in the brain and spinal cord. Within this central part of the nervous system, impulses are recognized, interpreted, and finally relayed to other nerve cells that extend out to all parts of the body, such as muscles, glands, and internal organs.</p>
			</div>

		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div></div>
		
		<div class="screengrid">
			<footer class="screen__margin screen__footer u-hide-element vstdonthighlight">
				<div class="feedback">
					<div class="feedback__content js-feedback-focus" tabindex="-1"></div>
				</div>
				<div class="control-btns"></div>
			</footer>
		</div>
	</div><div  class="overlay-root vstdonthighlight rendered blocking" style="overflow-y: auto;">
		<div class="modal-cover-holder">
			<div class="modal-cover-outer"><div class="modal-cover modal-cover--transparent-medium"></div></div>
		</div>
	<div class="loading-spinner rendered" tabindex="-1">
		<!-- Set opacity to 0 inline to prevent screen flash -->
		<div class="spinner-message visuallyhidden" style="opacity: 0">Loading</div>
		<div class="spinner"></div>
	</div></div>
<script type="application/javascript">
	!function(e){var n={eid:"SCREEN",did:"f9e55879-59a9-4f62-b4e3-dc0d0ec0d38b",type:"epub",screenType:"Screen",engineApi:{getEnginesBaseUrl:function(){return "../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod";},getMediaBaseUrl:function(){return "../media";},getSkinsBaseUrl:function(){return "../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod/skins_20221215125633UTC-prod/vcs";},getActivityData:function(){return "&lt;blocks&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;f45cdafb-0328-44a4-9b9c-2fa337a9c632\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_heading&gt;\n  &lt;headingLevel value=\&quot;subheadinga\&quot;/&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style=\&quot;color:#684182;\&quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;INTRODUCTION&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_heading&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;a5882d8c-e74c-44fd-ba4c-fe647fa5af40\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;The nervous system is one of the most complex of all human body systems. More than 100 billion nerve cells operate constantly all over the body to coordinate the activities we do consciously and voluntarily, as well as those that occur unconsciously or involuntarily. We speak, move muscles, hear, taste, see, and think. Our glands secrete hormones, and we respond to danger, pain, temperature, and touch. All of these functions comprise only a small number of the many activities controlled by the nervous system.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;Fibers exiting from microscopic &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;nerve cells (neurons)&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; are collected into macroscopic bundles called &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;nerves&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;, which carry electrical messages all over the body. External stimuli, as well as internal chemicals such as &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;acetylcholine&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;, activate the cell membranes of nerve cells, which results in electrical discharges of these cells. These electrical discharges, &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;nervous impulses&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; , may then traverse the length of the associated nerves. External &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;receptors &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(sense organs) as well as internal receptors in muscles and blood vessels receive these impulses and may in turn transmit impulses to the complex network of nerve cells in the brain and spinal cord. Within this central part of the nervous system, impulses are recognized, interpreted, and finally relayed to other nerve cells that extend out to all parts of the body, such as muscles, glands, and internal organs.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n&lt;/blocks&gt;";}}};e.context=n}(window);
</script>

</body>
</html>
