<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
	<meta charset="utf-8"/>
	<title>Introduction</title>
	<meta name="description" content=""/>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod/skins_20221215125633UTC-prod/vcs/css/vcs.css"/>
</head>
<body>
<div epub:type="pagebreak" id="pagebreak_65" class="hidden-pagebreak" title="65" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" />
<script type="text/JavaScript" src="../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod/vcsengines_20221215125633UTC-prod.js"></script>
<div  xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" id="dd65a8e9-f2c6-4bfa-8e52-b96a872e8b61" class="screen rendered">
		<div class="screengrid">
			<header class="screen__margin screen__header u-hide-element vstdonthighlight">
				
					<div class="screen__heading u-float--clearfix">
						<div class="screen__icon u-float--left"></div>
						<h2 class="screen__title" tabindex="-1"></h2>
					</div>
				

				<div class="screen__instructions"></div>
			</header>
		</div>
		
			<div class="screen__content">
				
			<div class="block rendered">
		<div id="cd2e1583-2e42-4c79-b114-0d1ff90e5d2e" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			
			<h3 class="heading heading--subheadinga"><span style="color:#684182;"><strong>INTRODUCTION</strong></span><br /></h3>
		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div><div class="block rendered">
		<div id="81367018-a330-47e0-bdcc-62246d625cea" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			<div class="static__text--indent">
				<p>When foods containing proteins are used by cells in the body, nitrogenous waste products <strong>(urea, creatinine, </strong>and <strong>uric acid) </strong>are released into the bloodstream. The urinary system removes these nitrogenous wastes from the blood so that they do not accumulate and become harmful. As blood passes through the kidneys, the kidneys filter nitrogenous wastes to form <strong>urine </strong>(composed of water, salts, and acids). Urine leaves the body through the ureters, urinary bladder, and urethra. Every day, the kidneys process about 200 quarts of blood to filter out 2 quarts of urine.</p><p>Besides removing urea and other nitrogenous wastes from the blood, the kidneys maintain the proper balance of water, electrolytes, and acids in body fluids. <strong>Electrolytes </strong>such as <strong>sodium</strong> <strong>(Na<sup>+</sup>)</strong> and <strong>potassium (K<sup>+</sup>)</strong> are small molecules that conduct an electrical charge. Electrolytes are necessary for proper functioning of muscle and nerve cells. The kidney adjusts the amounts of water and electrolytes by secreting some substances into the urine and holding back others in the bloodstream for use in the body. This is an example of <strong>homeostasis,</strong> which is the body’s ability to maintain an equilibrium within its internal environment. Home/o means sameness.</p><p>In addition to forming and excreting (eliminating) urine from the body, the kidneys secrete an enzyme called <strong>renin </strong>(RE-nin) and a hormone called <strong>erythropoietin </strong>(eh-rith-ro- POY-it-in). <strong>Renin </strong>raises blood pressure (to keep blood moving through the kidney). <strong>Erythropoietin (EPO) </strong>stimulates red blood cell production in the bone marrow.</p><p>The kidneys also secrete <strong>calciferol</strong>, an active form of vitamin D, necessary for the absorption of calcium from the intestine. In addition, the kidneys degrade and eliminate hormones such as insulin and parathyroid hormone from the bloodstream. Box 7-1 reviews the functions of the kidneys.</p>
			</div>

		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div></div>
		
		<div class="screengrid">
			<footer class="screen__margin screen__footer u-hide-element vstdonthighlight">
				<div class="feedback">
					<div class="feedback__content js-feedback-focus" tabindex="-1"></div>
				</div>
				<div class="control-btns"></div>
			</footer>
		</div>
	</div><div  class="overlay-root vstdonthighlight rendered blocking" style="overflow-y: auto;">
		<div class="modal-cover-holder">
			<div class="modal-cover-outer"><div class="modal-cover modal-cover--transparent-medium"></div></div>
		</div>
	<div class="loading-spinner rendered" tabindex="-1">
		<!-- Set opacity to 0 inline to prevent screen flash -->
		<div class="spinner-message visuallyhidden" style="opacity: 0">Loading</div>
		<div class="spinner"></div>
	</div></div>
<script type="application/javascript">
	!function(e){var n={eid:"SCREEN",did:"dd65a8e9-f2c6-4bfa-8e52-b96a872e8b61",type:"epub",screenType:"Screen",engineApi:{getEnginesBaseUrl:function(){return "../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod";},getMediaBaseUrl:function(){return "../media";},getSkinsBaseUrl:function(){return "../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod/skins_20221215125633UTC-prod/vcs";},getActivityData:function(){return "&lt;blocks&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;cd2e1583-2e42-4c79-b114-0d1ff90e5d2e\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_heading&gt;\n  &lt;headingLevel value=\&quot;subheadinga\&quot;/&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style=\&quot;color:#684182;\&quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;INTRODUCTION&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_heading&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;81367018-a330-47e0-bdcc-62246d625cea\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;When foods containing proteins are used by cells in the body, nitrogenous waste products &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;(urea, creatinine, &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;and &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;uric acid) &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;are released into the bloodstream. The urinary system removes these nitrogenous wastes from the blood so that they do not accumulate and become harmful. As blood passes through the kidneys, the kidneys filter nitrogenous wastes to form &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;urine &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(composed of water, salts, and acids). Urine leaves the body through the ureters, urinary bladder, and urethra. Every day, the kidneys process about 200 quarts of blood to filter out 2 quarts of urine.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;Besides removing urea and other nitrogenous wastes from the blood, the kidneys maintain the proper balance of water, electrolytes, and acids in body fluids. &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Electrolytes &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;such as &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;sodium&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;(Na&amp;lt;sup&amp;gt;+&amp;lt;/sup&amp;gt;)&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; and &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;potassium (K&amp;lt;sup&amp;gt;+&amp;lt;/sup&amp;gt;)&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; are small molecules that conduct an electrical charge. Electrolytes are necessary for proper functioning of muscle and nerve cells. The kidney adjusts the amounts of water and electrolytes by secreting some substances into the urine and holding back others in the bloodstream for use in the body. This is an example of &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;homeostasis,&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; which is the body’s ability to maintain an equilibrium within its internal environment. Home/o means sameness.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;In addition to forming and excreting (eliminating) urine from the body, the kidneys secrete an enzyme called &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;renin &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(RE-nin) and a hormone called &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;erythropoietin &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(eh-rith-ro- POY-it-in). &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Renin &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;raises blood pressure (to keep blood moving through the kidney). &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Erythropoietin (EPO) &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;stimulates red blood cell production in the bone marrow.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;The kidneys also secrete &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;calciferol&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;, an active form of vitamin D, necessary for the absorption of calcium from the intestine. In addition, the kidneys degrade and eliminate hormones such as insulin and parathyroid hormone from the bloodstream. Box 7-1 reviews the functions of the kidneys.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n&lt;/blocks&gt;";}}};e.context=n}(window);
</script>

</body>
</html>
