<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
	<meta charset="utf-8"/>
	<title>Drug Actions and Interactions</title>
	<meta name="description" content=""/>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod/skins_20221215125633UTC-prod/vcs/css/vcs.css"/>
</head>
<body>
<div epub:type="pagebreak" id="pagebreak_293" class="hidden-pagebreak" title="293" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" />
<script type="text/JavaScript" src="../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod/vcsengines_20221215125633UTC-prod.js"></script>
<div  xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" id="a6890da8-3d57-47f8-b51c-9597c70e71cf" class="screen rendered">
		<div class="screengrid">
			<header class="screen__margin screen__header u-hide-element vstdonthighlight">
				
					<div class="screen__heading u-float--clearfix">
						<div class="screen__icon u-float--left"></div>
						<h2 class="screen__title" tabindex="-1"></h2>
					</div>
				

				<div class="screen__instructions"></div>
			</header>
		</div>
		
			<div class="screen__content">
				
			<div class="block rendered">
		<div id="c7538073-21ef-48f0-8cd4-970e3a8b9e3d" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			
			<h3 class="heading heading--subheadinga"><span style="color:#684182;"><strong>DRUG ACTIONS AND INTERACTIONS</strong></span><br /></h3>
		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div><div class="block rendered">
		<div id="81b76ac7-639e-49f4-9959-bbe55f418f2c" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			<div class="static__text--indent">
				<p>When a drug enters the body, it produces its effect by interacting with a specific target, or <strong>receptor</strong>. A drug may cross the cell membrane to reach its intracellular receptor or may react with a receptor on the cell’s surface. The <strong>dose</strong> of a drug is the amount of drug administered, usually measured in milligrams or grams. <strong>Schedule</strong> is the exact timing and frequency of drug administration.</p><p>Various actions and interactions of drugs can occur after they have been absorbed into the bloodstream.</p><p><strong>Additive action</strong>. If the combination of two similar drugs is equal to the <strong>sum</strong> of the effects of each, then the drugs are called additive. For example, if drug A gives 10% tumor kill as a chemotherapeutic agent and drug B gives 20% tumor kill, using A and B together would give 30% tumor kill.</p><p>If two drugs give less than an additive effect, they are called <strong>antagonistic</strong>. If they produce greater than additive effects, they are <strong>synergistic</strong> (as described next).</p><p><strong>Synergism</strong>. A combination of two drugs sometimes can cause an effect that is greater than the sum of the individual effects of each drug given alone. For example, INH (isoniazid) and rifampin, two antibiotic drugs, are given together in the treatment of tuberculosis. Their synergistic action is more effective than the drugs taken individually.</p><p><strong>Response</strong>. This is a desired and beneficial effect of a drug. Lowering blood pressure by antihypertensive drugs is an example. Reducing the size of a tumor by chemotherapy is another example.</p><p><strong>Tolerance</strong>. For some drugs, the effects of a given dose diminish as treatment continues, and increasing amounts are needed to produce the same effect. Tolerance is a feature of addiction to drugs such as morphine and meperidine hydrochloride (Demerol). <strong>Addiction</strong> is the physical and psychological <strong>dependence</strong> on and craving for a drug and the presence of clearly unpleasant effects when that drug or other agent such as a narcotic is stopped. <strong>Controlled substances</strong> are drugs such as opioids or narcotics that produce dependence and have potential for abuse or addiction. See the Practical Applications section for information about these drugs.</p>
			</div>

		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div></div>
		
		<div class="screengrid">
			<footer class="screen__margin screen__footer u-hide-element vstdonthighlight">
				<div class="feedback">
					<div class="feedback__content js-feedback-focus" tabindex="-1"></div>
				</div>
				<div class="control-btns"></div>
			</footer>
		</div>
	</div><div  class="overlay-root vstdonthighlight rendered blocking" style="overflow-y: auto;">
		<div class="modal-cover-holder">
			<div class="modal-cover-outer"><div class="modal-cover modal-cover--transparent-medium"></div></div>
		</div>
	<div class="loading-spinner rendered" tabindex="-1">
		<!-- Set opacity to 0 inline to prevent screen flash -->
		<div class="spinner-message visuallyhidden" style="opacity: 0">Loading</div>
		<div class="spinner"></div>
	</div></div>
<script type="application/javascript">
	!function(e){var n={eid:"SCREEN",did:"a6890da8-3d57-47f8-b51c-9597c70e71cf",type:"epub",screenType:"Screen",engineApi:{getEnginesBaseUrl:function(){return "../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod";},getMediaBaseUrl:function(){return "../media";},getSkinsBaseUrl:function(){return "../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod/skins_20221215125633UTC-prod/vcs";},getActivityData:function(){return "&lt;blocks&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;c7538073-21ef-48f0-8cd4-970e3a8b9e3d\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_heading&gt;\n  &lt;headingLevel value=\&quot;subheadinga\&quot;/&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style=\&quot;color:#684182;\&quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;DRUG ACTIONS AND INTERACTIONS&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_heading&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;81b76ac7-639e-49f4-9959-bbe55f418f2c\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;When a drug enters the body, it produces its effect by interacting with a specific target, or &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;receptor&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;. A drug may cross the cell membrane to reach its intracellular receptor or may react with a receptor on the cell’s surface. The &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;dose&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; of a drug is the amount of drug administered, usually measured in milligrams or grams. &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Schedule&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; is the exact timing and frequency of drug administration.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;Various actions and interactions of drugs can occur after they have been absorbed into the bloodstream.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Additive action&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;. If the combination of two similar drugs is equal to the &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;sum&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; of the effects of each, then the drugs are called additive. For example, if drug A gives 10% tumor kill as a chemotherapeutic agent and drug B gives 20% tumor kill, using A and B together would give 30% tumor kill.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;If two drugs give less than an additive effect, they are called &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;antagonistic&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;. If they produce greater than additive effects, they are &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;synergistic&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (as described next).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Synergism&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;. A combination of two drugs sometimes can cause an effect that is greater than the sum of the individual effects of each drug given alone. For example, INH (isoniazid) and rifampin, two antibiotic drugs, are given together in the treatment of tuberculosis. Their synergistic action is more effective than the drugs taken individually.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Response&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;. This is a desired and beneficial effect of a drug. Lowering blood pressure by antihypertensive drugs is an example. Reducing the size of a tumor by chemotherapy is another example.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Tolerance&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;. For some drugs, the effects of a given dose diminish as treatment continues, and increasing amounts are needed to produce the same effect. Tolerance is a feature of addiction to drugs such as morphine and meperidine hydrochloride (Demerol). &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Addiction&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; is the physical and psychological &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;dependence&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; on and craving for a drug and the presence of clearly unpleasant effects when that drug or other agent such as a narcotic is stopped. &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Controlled substances&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; are drugs such as opioids or narcotics that produce dependence and have potential for abuse or addiction. See the Practical Applications section for information about these drugs.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n&lt;/blocks&gt;";}}};e.context=n}(window);
</script>

</body>
</html>
