<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
	<meta charset="utf-8"/>
	<title>Pathology</title>
	<meta name="description" content=""/>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod/skins_20221215125633UTC-prod/vcs/css/vcs.css"/>
</head>
<body>
<div epub:type="pagebreak" id="pagebreak_194" class="hidden-pagebreak" title="194" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" />
<script type="text/JavaScript" src="../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod/vcsengines_20221215125633UTC-prod.js"></script>
<div  xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" id="e6ca9871-f59c-42f6-bf39-6ceffa26d98b" class="screen rendered">
		<div class="screengrid">
			<header class="screen__margin screen__header u-hide-element vstdonthighlight">
				
					<div class="screen__heading u-float--clearfix">
						<div class="screen__icon u-float--left"></div>
						<h2 class="screen__title" tabindex="-1"></h2>
					</div>
				

				<div class="screen__instructions"></div>
			</header>
		</div>
		
			<div class="screen__content">
				
			<div class="block rendered">
		<div id="e6daa54a-0180-40e5-9f26-b9da6877f006" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			
			<h3 class="heading heading--subheadinga"><span style="color:#684182;"><strong>PATHOLOGY—MUSCLES</strong></span><br /></h3>
		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div><div class="block rendered">
		<div id="6ba57dc4-6ca2-43e4-8883-57558b3c918c" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin vst-draggable">
			<div class="c-x-scroll vst-draggable">
					<div class="js-x-scroll c-x-scroll__scrollbox" style=""><table class="c-table js-x-scroll-component" style="width: 100%;" data-orig-width="100%"><thead></thead><tbody><tr><td><p><strong>muscular dystrophy</strong></p></td><td><p><strong>Group of inherited diseases characterized by progressive weakness and degeneration of muscle fibers without involvement of the nervous system.</strong></p><p><strong>Duchenne muscular dystrophy </strong>is the most common form. Muscles appear to enlarge <strong>(pseudohypertrophy) </strong>as fat replaces functional muscle cells that have degenerated and atrophied. Onset of muscle weakness occurs soon after birth, and diagnosis can be made by muscle biopsy and electromyography. The disease predominantly affects males; muscle weakness produces stumbling, falling, lordosis, winged (prominent) scapulae, and cardiac problems.</p></td></tr><tr><td><p><strong>polymyositis</strong></p></td><td><p><strong>Chronic inflammatory myopathy.</strong></p><p>This condition is marked by symmetric muscle weakness and pain, often accompanied by a rash around the eyes and on the face and limbs. Evidence that polymyositis is an autoimmune disorder is growing stronger, and some patients recover completely with immunosuppressive therapy.</p></td></tr></tbody></table></div>
					<div class="c-x-scroll__gradient c-x-scroll__gradient--left"></div>
					<div class="c-x-scroll__gradient c-x-scroll__gradient--right"></div>
				</div>
		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div></div>
		
		<div class="screengrid">
			<footer class="screen__margin screen__footer u-hide-element vstdonthighlight">
				<div class="feedback">
					<div class="feedback__content js-feedback-focus" tabindex="-1"></div>
				</div>
				<div class="control-btns"></div>
			</footer>
		</div>
	</div><div  class="overlay-root vstdonthighlight rendered blocking" style="overflow-y: auto;">
		<div class="modal-cover-holder">
			<div class="modal-cover-outer"><div class="modal-cover modal-cover--transparent-medium"></div></div>
		</div>
	<div class="loading-spinner rendered" tabindex="-1">
		<!-- Set opacity to 0 inline to prevent screen flash -->
		<div class="spinner-message visuallyhidden" style="opacity: 0">Loading</div>
		<div class="spinner"></div>
	</div></div>
<script type="application/javascript">
	!function(e){var n={eid:"SCREEN",did:"e6ca9871-f59c-42f6-bf39-6ceffa26d98b",type:"epub",screenType:"Screen",engineApi:{getEnginesBaseUrl:function(){return "../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod";},getMediaBaseUrl:function(){return "../media";},getSkinsBaseUrl:function(){return "../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod/skins_20221215125633UTC-prod/vcs";},getActivityData:function(){return "&lt;blocks&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;e6daa54a-0180-40e5-9f26-b9da6877f006\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_heading&gt;\n  &lt;headingLevel value=\&quot;subheadinga\&quot;/&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style=\&quot;color:#684182;\&quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;PATHOLOGY—MUSCLES&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_heading&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;6ba57dc4-6ca2-43e4-8883-57558b3c918c\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_table&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;table class=\&quot;c-table js-x-scroll-component\&quot; border=\&quot;1\&quot; cellspacing=\&quot;0\&quot; cellpadding=\&quot;1\&quot; style=\&quot;width: 100%;\&quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;thead/&amp;gt;&amp;lt;tbody&amp;gt;&amp;lt;tr&amp;gt;&amp;lt;td&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;muscular dystrophy&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt; &amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/td&amp;gt;&amp;lt;td&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Group of inherited diseases characterized by progressive weakness and degeneration of muscle fibers without involvement of the nervous system.&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Duchenne muscular dystrophy &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;is the most common form. Muscles appear to enlarge &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;(pseudohypertrophy) &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;as fat replaces functional muscle cells that have degenerated and atrophied. Onset of muscle weakness occurs soon after birth, and diagnosis can be made by muscle biopsy and electromyography. The disease predominantly affects males; muscle weakness produces stumbling, falling, lordosis, winged (prominent) scapulae, and cardiac problems.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/td&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/tr&amp;gt;&amp;lt;tr&amp;gt;&amp;lt;td&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;polymyositis&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt; &amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/td&amp;gt;&amp;lt;td&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Chronic inflammatory myopathy.&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;This condition is marked by symmetric muscle weakness and pain, often accompanied by a rash around the eyes and on the face and limbs. Evidence that polymyositis is an autoimmune disorder is growing stronger, and some patients recover completely with immunosuppressive therapy.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/td&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/tr&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/tbody&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/table&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_table&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n&lt;/blocks&gt;";}}};e.context=n}(window);
</script>

</body>
</html>
