<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
	<meta charset="utf-8"/>
	<title>Introduction</title>
	<meta name="description" content=""/>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod/skins_20221215125633UTC-prod/vcs/css/vcs.css"/>
</head>
<body>
<div epub:type="pagebreak" id="pagebreak_182" class="hidden-pagebreak" title="182" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" />
<script type="text/JavaScript" src="../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod/vcsengines_20221215125633UTC-prod.js"></script>
<div  xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" id="77fb7482-31b1-485a-a71f-facd92909e18" class="screen rendered">
		<div class="screengrid">
			<header class="screen__margin screen__header u-hide-element vstdonthighlight">
				
					<div class="screen__heading u-float--clearfix">
						<div class="screen__icon u-float--left"></div>
						<h2 class="screen__title" tabindex="-1"></h2>
					</div>
				

				<div class="screen__instructions"></div>
			</header>
		</div>
		
			<div class="screen__content">
				
			<div class="block rendered">
		<div id="97458686-d8d8-4f5a-8bb1-87972ac311fb" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			
			<h3 class="heading heading--subheadinga"><span style="color:#684182;"><strong>INTRODUCTION</strong></span><br /></h3>
		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div><div class="block rendered">
		<div id="0cd3ff27-8f44-4b7e-bc72-d48977b4e3a4" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			<div class="static__text--indent">
				<p>The musculoskeletal system includes the bones, muscles, and joints. All have important functions in the body.</p><p><strong>Bones </strong>provide the framework on which the body is constructed and protect and support internal organs. Bones also assist the body in movement, because they serve as a point of attachment for muscles. The inner core of bones is composed of hematopoietic tissue (red bone marrow, which manufactures blood cells), whereas outer parts of bone are storage areas for minerals necessary for growth, such as calcium and phosphorus.</p><p><strong>Joints </strong>are the places at which bones come together. Several different types of joints are found within the body. The type of joint found in any specific location is determined by the need for greater or lesser flexibility of movement.</p><p><strong>Muscles</strong>, whether attached to bones or to internal organs and blood vessels, are responsible for movement. Internal movement involves the contraction and relaxation of muscles found in viscera, and external movement is accomplished by the contraction and relaxation of muscles that are attached to the bones. <strong>Tendons </strong>are connective tissue that bind muscles to bones, while <strong>ligaments </strong>bind bones to other bones.</p><p><strong>Orthopedists </strong>are physicians who treat (surgically and medically) bone, joint, and muscle conditions. Originally, orthopedics was a branch of medicine correcting deformities in children (<strong>orth/o</strong> means straight, <strong>ped/o</strong> means child). <strong>Rheumatologists </strong>are physicians (nonsurgical) who specialize primarily in joint problems, such as arthritis; in this context,<strong> rheumat/o</strong>, meaning watery flow, refers to joint fluid. <strong>Physiatrists </strong>are medical doctors whose focus is on rehabilitation after injury or illness to muscles, bones, and nerves.</p><p>Both a <strong>medical doctor (MD)</strong> and an <strong>doctor of osteopathy (DO)</strong> can specialize in orthopedics, rheumatology, or physiatry. MD and DO medical education programs are similar, and both kinds of physicians perform surgery as well as prescribe medication. An osteopath has added training in the musculoskeletal system, with an emphasis on body mechanics to promote good health. A <strong>chiropractor </strong>(<strong>chir/o</strong> means hand) is not a physician but has extensive and specialized training in using physical means to manipulate the spinal column, joints, and soft tissues.</p><p>A <strong>physical therapist</strong> is a doctoral degree–prepared health care professional who develops a treatment plan based on a patient ’ s physical impairments with or without a physician diagnosis. The goals of physical therapy (PT) are to restore function, improve mobility, and relieve pain.<strong> Athletic trainers</strong> are health care professionals who, working with a physician, provide therapeutic intervention and rehabilitation of injuries and medical conditions. Training includes a bachelor’s or master’s degree from an accredited school. Passing a certification examination also is required to work in this field.</p>
			</div>

		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div></div>
		
		<div class="screengrid">
			<footer class="screen__margin screen__footer u-hide-element vstdonthighlight">
				<div class="feedback">
					<div class="feedback__content js-feedback-focus" tabindex="-1"></div>
				</div>
				<div class="control-btns"></div>
			</footer>
		</div>
	</div><div  class="overlay-root vstdonthighlight rendered blocking" style="overflow-y: auto;">
		<div class="modal-cover-holder">
			<div class="modal-cover-outer"><div class="modal-cover modal-cover--transparent-medium"></div></div>
		</div>
	<div class="loading-spinner rendered" tabindex="-1">
		<!-- Set opacity to 0 inline to prevent screen flash -->
		<div class="spinner-message visuallyhidden" style="opacity: 0">Loading</div>
		<div class="spinner"></div>
	</div></div>
<script type="application/javascript">
	!function(e){var n={eid:"SCREEN",did:"77fb7482-31b1-485a-a71f-facd92909e18",type:"epub",screenType:"Screen",engineApi:{getEnginesBaseUrl:function(){return "../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod";},getMediaBaseUrl:function(){return "../media";},getSkinsBaseUrl:function(){return "../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod/skins_20221215125633UTC-prod/vcs";},getActivityData:function(){return "&lt;blocks&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;97458686-d8d8-4f5a-8bb1-87972ac311fb\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_heading&gt;\n  &lt;headingLevel value=\&quot;subheadinga\&quot;/&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style=\&quot;color:#684182;\&quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;INTRODUCTION&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_heading&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;0cd3ff27-8f44-4b7e-bc72-d48977b4e3a4\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;The musculoskeletal system includes the bones, muscles, and joints. All have important functions in the body.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Bones &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;provide the framework on which the body is constructed and protect and support internal organs. Bones also assist the body in movement, because they serve as a point of attachment for muscles. The inner core of bones is composed of hematopoietic tissue (red bone marrow, which manufactures blood cells), whereas outer parts of bone are storage areas for minerals necessary for growth, such as calcium and phosphorus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Joints &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;are the places at which bones come together. Several different types of joints are found within the body. The type of joint found in any specific location is determined by the need for greater or lesser flexibility of movement.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Muscles&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;, whether attached to bones or to internal organs and blood vessels, are responsible for movement. Internal movement involves the contraction and relaxation of muscles found in viscera, and external movement is accomplished by the contraction and relaxation of muscles that are attached to the bones. &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Tendons &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;are connective tissue that bind muscles to bones, while &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;ligaments &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;bind bones to other bones.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Orthopedists &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;are physicians who treat (surgically and medically) bone, joint, and muscle conditions. Originally, orthopedics was a branch of medicine correcting deformities in children (&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;orth/o&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; means straight, &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;ped/o&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; means child). &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Rheumatologists &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;are physicians (nonsurgical) who specialize primarily in joint problems, such as arthritis; in this context,&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt; rheumat/o&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;, meaning watery flow, refers to joint fluid. &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Physiatrists &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;are medical doctors whose focus is on rehabilitation after injury or illness to muscles, bones, and nerves.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;Both a &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;medical doctor (MD)&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; and an &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;doctor of osteopathy (DO)&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; can specialize in orthopedics, rheumatology, or physiatry. MD and DO medical education programs are similar, and both kinds of physicians perform surgery as well as prescribe medication. An osteopath has added training in the musculoskeletal system, with an emphasis on body mechanics to promote good health. A &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;chiropractor &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;chir/o&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; means hand) is not a physician but has extensive and specialized training in using physical means to manipulate the spinal column, joints, and soft tissues.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;A &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;physical therapist&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; is a doctoral degree–prepared health care professional who develops a treatment plan based on a patient ’ s physical impairments with or without a physician diagnosis. The goals of physical therapy (PT) are to restore function, improve mobility, and relieve pain.&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt; Athletic trainers&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; are health care professionals who, working with a physician, provide therapeutic intervention and rehabilitation of injuries and medical conditions. Training includes a bachelor’s or master’s degree from an accredited school. Passing a certification examination also is required to work in this field.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n&lt;/blocks&gt;";}}};e.context=n}(window);
</script>

</body>
</html>
