<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
	<meta charset="utf-8"/>
	<title>Introduction</title>
	<meta name="description" content=""/>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod/skins_20221215125633UTC-prod/vcs/css/vcs.css"/>
</head>
<body>
<div epub:type="pagebreak" id="pagebreak_80" class="hidden-pagebreak" title="80" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" />
<script type="text/JavaScript" src="../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod/vcsengines_20221215125633UTC-prod.js"></script>
<div  xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" id="ae3c91a8-b56b-40d1-b14b-442867ced4b9" class="screen rendered">
		<div class="screengrid">
			<header class="screen__margin screen__header u-hide-element vstdonthighlight">
				
					<div class="screen__heading u-float--clearfix">
						<div class="screen__icon u-float--left"></div>
						<h2 class="screen__title" tabindex="-1"></h2>
					</div>
				

				<div class="screen__instructions"></div>
			</header>
		</div>
		
			<div class="screen__content">
				
			<div class="block rendered">
		<div id="7ff4baa1-4597-4fac-b539-de0daf92794d" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			
			<h3 class="heading heading--subheadinga"><span style="color:#684182;"><strong>INTRODUCTION</strong></span><br /></h3>
		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div><div class="block rendered">
		<div id="d33bf702-90cd-40aa-a058-da917c4735c8" class="block-content engine"><div class="static">
		<div class="screen__margin">
			<div class="static__text--indent">
				<p>Sexual reproduction is the union of the <strong>ovum</strong> (female sex cell) and the <strong>sperm</strong> (male sex cell). Each sex cell, known as a <strong>gamete</strong>, has half the number of chromosomes needed to create a new organism. In <strong>fertilization</strong>, nuclei of the two gametes unite to form a single nucleus with half of the chromosomes and genetic code from each parent.</p><p>Special organs called <strong>gonads</strong> in males and females produce the egg and sperm cells. The female gonads are the <strong>ovaries</strong>, and the male gonads are the <strong>testes</strong>. After an ovum leaves the ovary during <strong>ovulation</strong>, it travels down one of two <strong>fallopian tubes</strong> leading to the <strong>uterus</strong> (womb). If <strong>coitus</strong> (copulation, sexual intercourse) has occurred, millions of sperm cells travel into the fallopian tubes, but only one sperm cell can penetrate the ovum. This is <strong>fertilization</strong>. The fertilized ovum is then known as a <strong>zygote</strong>. After many cell divisions, a ball of cells forms, and the zygote is called an <strong>embryo</strong> (2 to 8 weeks) and finally a <strong>fetus</strong> (8 to 38 or 40 weeks). The period of development within the uterus is <strong>gestation</strong>, or <strong>pregnancy</strong>.</p><p>The female reproductive system consists of organs that produce <strong>ova</strong> (singular; ovum) and provide a place for the growth of the embryo. In addition, the female reproductive organs supply important hormones that contribute to the development of female secondary sex characteristics (body hair, breast development, structural changes in bones and fat).</p><p>The eggs, or ova, are present from birth in the female ovary but begin to mature and are released from the ovary in a 21- to 28-day cycle when secondary sex characteristics develop. The occurrence of the first cycle is called <strong>menarche</strong>. Menstrual cycles continue until <strong>menopause</strong>, when all eggs have been released, hormone production diminishes, and menstruation ends. If fertilization occurs during the years between menarche and menopause, the fertilized egg may grow and develop within the uterus. A new, blood vessel–rich organ called a <strong>placenta </strong>(connected to the embryo by the umbilical cord) develops to nourish the embryo, which implants in the uterine lining. Various hormones are secreted from the ovary and from the placenta to stimulate the expansion of the placenta. If fertilization does not occur, hormonal changes result in the shedding of the uterine lining, and bleeding, or <strong>menstruation</strong>, occurs.</p><p>The hormones of the ovaries, <strong>estrogen</strong> and <strong>progesterone</strong>, play important roles in the processes of menstruation and pregnancy, and in the development of secondary sex characteristics. The <strong>pituitary gland</strong>, located at the base of the brain, secretes other hormones that govern the reproductive functions of the ovaries, breasts, and uterus.</p><p><strong>Gynecology</strong> is the study of the female reproductive system (organs, hormones, and diseases); <strong>obstetrics</strong> (Latin <em>obstetrix </em>means midwife) is a specialty concerned with pregnancy and the delivery of the fetus; and <strong>neonatology</strong> is the study of the care and treatment of the newborn.</p>
			</div>

		</div>
	</div></div>
		
	</div></div>
		
		<div class="screengrid">
			<footer class="screen__margin screen__footer u-hide-element vstdonthighlight">
				<div class="feedback">
					<div class="feedback__content js-feedback-focus" tabindex="-1"></div>
				</div>
				<div class="control-btns"></div>
			</footer>
		</div>
	</div><div  class="overlay-root vstdonthighlight rendered blocking" style="overflow-y: auto;">
		<div class="modal-cover-holder">
			<div class="modal-cover-outer"><div class="modal-cover modal-cover--transparent-medium"></div></div>
		</div>
	<div class="loading-spinner rendered" tabindex="-1">
		<!-- Set opacity to 0 inline to prevent screen flash -->
		<div class="spinner-message visuallyhidden" style="opacity: 0">Loading</div>
		<div class="spinner"></div>
	</div></div>
<script type="application/javascript">
	!function(e){var n={eid:"SCREEN",did:"ae3c91a8-b56b-40d1-b14b-442867ced4b9",type:"epub",screenType:"Screen",engineApi:{getEnginesBaseUrl:function(){return "../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod";},getMediaBaseUrl:function(){return "../media";},getSkinsBaseUrl:function(){return "../vcsprod_20221215125633UTC-prod/skins_20221215125633UTC-prod/vcs";},getActivityData:function(){return "&lt;blocks&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;7ff4baa1-4597-4fac-b539-de0daf92794d\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_heading&gt;\n  &lt;headingLevel value=\&quot;subheadinga\&quot;/&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style=\&quot;color:#684182;\&quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;INTRODUCTION&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_heading&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n  &lt;block refid=\&quot;d33bf702-90cd-40aa-a058-da917c4735c8\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;text&gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;Sexual reproduction is the union of the &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;ovum&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (female sex cell) and the &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;sperm&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (male sex cell). Each sex cell, known as a &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;gamete&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;, has half the number of chromosomes needed to create a new organism. In &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;fertilization&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;, nuclei of the two gametes unite to form a single nucleus with half of the chromosomes and genetic code from each parent.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;Special organs called &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;gonads&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; in males and females produce the egg and sperm cells. The female gonads are the &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;ovaries&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;, and the male gonads are the &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;testes&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;. After an ovum leaves the ovary during &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;ovulation&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;, it travels down one of two &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;fallopian tubes&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; leading to the &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;uterus&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (womb). If &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;coitus&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (copulation, sexual intercourse) has occurred, millions of sperm cells travel into the fallopian tubes, but only one sperm cell can penetrate the ovum. This is &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;fertilization&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;. The fertilized ovum is then known as a &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;zygote&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;. After many cell divisions, a ball of cells forms, and the zygote is called an &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;embryo&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (2 to 8 weeks) and finally a &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;fetus&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (8 to 38 or 40 weeks). The period of development within the uterus is &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;gestation&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;, or &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;pregnancy&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;The female reproductive system consists of organs that produce &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;ova&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (singular; ovum) and provide a place for the growth of the embryo. In addition, the female reproductive organs supply important hormones that contribute to the development of female secondary sex characteristics (body hair, breast development, structural changes in bones and fat).&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;The eggs, or ova, are present from birth in the female ovary but begin to mature and are released from the ovary in a 21- to 28-day cycle when secondary sex characteristics develop. The occurrence of the first cycle is called &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;menarche&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;. Menstrual cycles continue until &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;menopause&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;, when all eggs have been released, hormone production diminishes, and menstruation ends. If fertilization occurs during the years between menarche and menopause, the fertilized egg may grow and develop within the uterus. A new, blood vessel–rich organ called a &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;placenta &amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;(connected to the embryo by the umbilical cord) develops to nourish the embryo, which implants in the uterine lining. Various hormones are secreted from the ovary and from the placenta to stimulate the expansion of the placenta. If fertilization does not occur, hormonal changes result in the shedding of the uterine lining, and bleeding, or &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;menstruation&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;, occurs.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;The hormones of the ovaries, &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;estrogen&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; and &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;progesterone&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;, play important roles in the processes of menstruation and pregnancy, and in the development of secondary sex characteristics. The &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;pituitary gland&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;, located at the base of the brain, secretes other hormones that govern the reproductive functions of the ovaries, breasts, and uterus.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Gynecology&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; is the study of the female reproductive system (organs, hormones, and diseases); &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;obstetrics&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; (Latin &amp;lt;em&amp;gt;obstetrix &amp;lt;/em&amp;gt;means midwife) is a specialty concerned with pregnancy and the delivery of the fetus; and &amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;neonatology&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt; is the study of the care and treatment of the newborn.&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;&lt;/text&gt;\n&lt;/STATIC_text&gt;\n  &lt;/block&gt;\n&lt;/blocks&gt;";}}};e.context=n}(window);
</script>

</body>
</html>
